NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Chris Faucette, State of North Carolina Department of Insurance, NC [E] (Alt. to Donald R. Cook) Armando M. Lozano, MSF Electric, Inc., TX [IM] (Alt. to Dennis Michael Querry) Greg Pearly, Balboa Water Group, CA [M] (Alt. to E. P. Hamilton, III)
Larry Reichle, Texas Departinent Of Licensing Regulation, TX [E] (Alt. to Jerry Lee Daniel)
Greg Woyczynski, Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers (AHAM), DC [M] (Alt. to Matt B. Williams)
Nonvoting
Andrew M. Trotta, US Consumer Product Safety Commission, MD [C]
Rep. US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC)
Jeffrey S. Sargent, NFPA Staff Liaison
Einstein Miller, US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), MD [C] Rep. US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC)
Code-Making Panel No. 18
Articles 393, 406, 410, 411, 600, 605 Robert G. Fahey, Chair City of Janesville, WI [E] Rep. International Association of Electrical Inspectors
Ron D. Alley, Northern New Mexico IEC, NM [IM] Rep. Independent Electrical Contractors, Inc. Frederick L. Carpenter, Acuity Brands Lighting, GA [M] Rep. National Electrical Manufacturers Association Kurt J. Clemente, RS&H, Inc., VA [U] Rep. IEEE-IAS/PES JTCC Paul Costello, NECA and IBEW Local 90 JATC, CT [L] Rep. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Hakim Hasan, Intertek, GA [RT] Charles S. Kurten, UL LLC, NY [RT]
Donald Berlin, Intermatic Inc., IL [M] (Alt. to Michael S. O'Boyle) Juan M. Caamaño, UL LLC, NY [RT] (Alt. to Charles S. Kurten) Mark Coshal, Facility Solutions Group (FSG), TX [IM]. (Alt. to Ron D. Alley) Bobby J. Gray, Hoydar/Buck, Inc., WA [IM] (Alt. to Paul Yesbeck) James Wood Hathorn, City of Irving, TX [E] (Alt. to Robert G. Fahey)
Jeffrey S. Sargent, NFPA Staff Liaison
William Ross McCorcle, American Electric Power, OK [UT] Rep. Electric Light & Power Group/EEI
Michael S. O'Boyle, Philips Lightolier/Signify North America Corp., MA [M] Rep. American Lighting Association
Jason D Potterf, Cisco, TX [M] Rep. Entertainment Services and Technology Association
Randall K. Wright, RKW Consulting, PA [SE] Paul Yesbeck, ACU Sign Corporation, FL [IM] Rep. National Electrical Contractors Association
Alternates
Kenneth Peskin, International Sign Association (ISA), VA [M] (Voting Alt.)
Robert Setaro, Intertek, GA [RT] (Alt. to Hakim Hasan) Frank Tse, Leviton Manufacturing Company, Inc., NY [M] (Alt. to Frederick L. Carpenter) Daniel Van Sickle, III, Electrical Training Alliance of Jacksonville, FL [L] (Alt. to Paul Costello)
NFPA 70®, National Electrical Code®, Standards Development Staff
Chad Duffy, Standards Lead, Electrical and Fire Protection Systems Sarah D. Caldwell, Committee Administrator Kimberly H. Cervantes, Technical Content Editorial Specialist
Christopher D. Coache, Senior Electrical Engineer Michael S. McCabe, Electrical Specialist Jeffrey Sargent, Principal Electrical Specialist
70-22
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
90.2
ARTICLE 90 -INTRODUCTION
NFPA 70
National Electrical Code
2023 Edition
IMPORTANT NOTE: This NFPA document is made available for use subject to important notices and legal disclaimers. These notices and disclaimers appear in all publications containing this document and may be found under the heading "Important Notices and Disclaimers Concerning NFPA Standards." They can also be viewed at www.nfpa.org/disclaimers or obtained on request from NFPA.
UPDATES, ALERTS, AND FUTURE EDITIONS: New editions of NFPA codes, standards, recommended practices, and guides (i.e., NFPA Standards) are released on scheduled revision cycles. This edition may be superseded by a later one, or it may be amended outside of its scheduled revision cycle through the issuance of Tenta- tive Interim Amendments (TIAs). An official NFPA Standard at any point in time consists of the current edition of the document, together with all TLAs and Errata in effect. To verify that this document is the current edition or to determine if it has been amended by TIAs or Errata, please consult the National Fire Codes® Subscription Service or the "List of NFPA Codes & Standards" at www.nfpa.org/docinfo. In addition to TIAs and Errata, the document information pages also include the option to sign up for alerts for individual documents and to be involved in the development of the next edition.
ARTICLE 90 Introduction
90.1 Scope. This article covers use and application, arrange- ment, and enforcement of this Code. It also covers the expres- sion of mandatory, permissive, and nonmandatory text, provides guidance on the examination of equipment and on wiring planning, and specifics the use and expression of meas- urements.
90.2 Use and Application.
(A) Practical Safeguarding. The purpose of this Code is the practical safeguarding of persons and property from hazards arising from the use of electricity. This Code is not intended as a design specification or an instruction manual for untrained persons.
(B) Adequacy. This Code contains provisions that are consid- cred necessary for safety. Compliance therewith and proper maintenance result in an installation that is essentially frec from hazard but not necessarily efficient, convenient, or adequate for good service or future expansion of electrical usc.
Informational Note: Hazards often occur because of overloading of wiring systems by methods or usage not in conformity with this Code. This occurs because initial wiring did not provide for increases in the use of electricity. An initial adequate installation and reasonable provisions for system changes provide for future increases in the use of electricity.
(C) Installations Covered. This Code covers the installation and removal of electrical conductors, equipment, and raceways;
signaling and communications conductors, equipment, and raceways; and optical fiber cables for the following:
(1) Public and private premises, including buildings, struc- tures, mobile homes, recreational vehicles, and floating buildings
(2) Yards, lots, parking lots, carnivals, and industrial substa- tions
(3) Installations of conductors and equipment that connect to the supply of electricity
(4) Installations used by the electric utility, such as office buildings, warchouses, garages, machine shops, and recreational buildings, that are not an integral part of a generating plant, substation, or control center
(5) Installations supplying shore power to ships and water- craft in marinas and boatyards, including monitoring of Icakage current
(6) Installations used to export electric power from vehicles to premises wiring or for bidirectional current flow
(D) Installations Not Covered. This Code does not cover the following:
(1) Installations in ships, watercraft other than floating build- ings, railway rolling stock, aircraft, or automotive vehicles other than mobile homes and recreational vehicles
Informational Note: Although the scope of this Code indicates that the Code does not cover installations in ships, portions of this Code are incorporated by reference into Title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, Parts 110-113.
(2) Installations underground in mines and self-propelled mobile surface mining machinery and its attendant elec- trical trailing cable
(3) Installations of railways for generation, transformation, transmission, energy storage, or distribution of power used exclusively for operation of rolling stock or installa- tions used exclusively for signaling and communications purposes
(4) Installations of communications equipment under the exclusive control of communications utilities located outdoors or in building spaces used exclusively for such installations
(5) Installations under the exclusive control of an electric utility where such installations
a. Consist of service drops or service laterals, and as.soci- ated metering, or
b. Arc on property owned or leased by the electric utility for the purpose of communications, metering, gener- ation, control, transformation, transmission, energy storage, or distribution of electric energy, or
c. Are located in legally established casements or rights- of-way, or
d. Are located by other written agreements cither desig- nated by or recognized by public service commissions, utility commissions, or other regulatory agencies having jurisdiction for such installations. These writ- ten agreements shall be limited to installations for the purpose of communications, metering, generation, control, transformation, transmission, energy storage, or distribution of electric energy where legally estab- lished casements or rights-of-way cannot be obtained. These installations shall be limited to federal lands, Native American reservations through the U.S. Department of the Interior Bureau of Indian Affairs, military bases, lands controlled by port authorities
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-23
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
90.2
ARTICLE 90-INTRODUCTION
and state agencies and departments, and lands owned by railroads.
Informational Note to (4) and (5): Examples of utilities may include those entities that are typically designated or recognized by governmental law or regulation by public service/utility commissions and that install, operate, and maintain electric supply (such as generation, transmission, or distribution systems) or communications systems (such as telephone, CATV, Internet, satellite, or data services). Utilities may be subject to compliance with codes and standards covering their regulated activities as adopted under governmental law or regulation. Additional information can be found through consultation with the appropriate governmental bodies, such as state regulatory commissions, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and the Federal Communications Commission.
(E) Relation to Other International Standards. The require- ments in this Code address the fundamental principles of protection for safety contained in Section 131 of International Electrotechnical Commission Standard 60364-1, Low-voltage Electrical Installations - Part 1: Fundamental Principles, Assessment of General Characteristics, Definitions.
Informational Note: See IEC 60364-1, Low-voltage Electrical Instal- lations - Part 1: Fundamental Principles, Assessment of General Char- acteristics, Definitions, Section 131, for fundamental principles of protection for safety that encompass protection against electric shock, protection against thermal effects, protection against overcurrent, protection against fault currents, and protection against overvoltage. All of these potential hazards are addressed by the requirements in this Code.
(F) Special Permission. The authority having jurisdiction for enforcing this Code may grant exception for the installation of conductors and equipment that are not under the exclusive control of the electric utilities and are used to connect the elec- tric utility supply system to the service conductors of the prem- ises served, provided such installations are outside a building or structure, or terminate inside at a readily accessible location nearest the point of entrance of the service conductors.
90.3 Code Arrangement. This Code is divided into the intro- duction and nine chapters, as shown in Figure 90.3. Chapters 1, 2,3, and 4 apply generally. Chapters 5, 6, and 7 apply to special occupancies, special equipment, or other special conditions and may supplement or modify the requirements in Chapters 1 through 7.
Chapter 8 covers communications systems and is not subject to the requirements of Chapters 1 through 7 except where the requirements are specifically referenced in Chapter 8.
Chapter 9 consists of tables that are applicable as referenced.
Informative annexes are not part of the requirements of this Codebut are included for informational purposes only.
90.4 Enforcement.
(A) Application. This Code is intended to be suitable for mandatory application by governmental bodies that exercise legal jurisdiction over electrical installations, including signal- ing and communications systems, and for use by insurance inspectors.
(B) Interpretations. The authority having jurisdiction for enforcement of the Code has the responsibility for making interpretations of the rules, for deciding on the approval of equipment and materials, and for granting the special permis- sion contemplated in a number of the rules.
Chapter 1 - General
Chapter 2 - Wiring and Protection
Chapter 3 - Wiring Methods and Materials
Applies generally - to all electrical installations
Chapter 4 - Equipment for General Use
Chapter 5 - Special Occupancies
-
Supplements or modifies Chapters 1 through 7
Chapter 6 - Special Equipment
Chapter 7 - Special Conditions
Chapter 8 - Communications Systems
Chapter 8 is not subject to the requirements of Chapters 1 through 7 except .where the requirements are specifically referenced in Chapter 8. Applicable as referenced
Chapter 9- Tables
Informative Annex A through Informative Annex K
Informational only; not mandatory
FIGURE 90.3. Code Arrangement.
(C) Specific Requirements and Alternative Methods. By special permission, the authority having jurisdiction may waive specific requirements in this Code or permit alternative meth- ods where it is assured that equivalent objectives can be achieved by establishing and maintaining effective safety.
(D) New Products, Constructions, or Materials. This Code may require new products, constructions, or materials that may not yet be available at the time the Code is adopted. In such cvent, the authority having jurisdiction may permit the use of the products, constructions, or materials that comply with the most recent previous edition of this Code adopted by the jurisdiction.
Informational Note: See Informative Annex H, Administration and Enforcement, for a model of guidelines that can be used to create an electrical inspection and enforcement program and to adopt NFPA 70, National Electrical Code.
90.5 Mandatory Rules, Permissive Rules, and Explanatory Material.
(A) Mandatory Rules. Mandatory rules of this Code are those that identify actions that are specifically required or prohibited and are characterized by the use of the terms shall or shall not.
(B) Permissive Rules. Permissive rules of this Code are those that identify actions that are allowed but not required, arc normally used to describe options or alternative methods, and are characterized by the use of the terms shall be permitted or shall not be required.
(C) Explanatory Material. Explanatory material, such as refer- ences to other standards, references to related sections of this Code, or information related to a Code rule, is included in this Code in the form of informational notes or an informative annex. Unless the standard reference includes a date, the refer- ence is to be considered as the latest edition of the standard. Such notes are informational only and are not enforceable as requirements of this Code.
70-24
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
90.9
ARTICLE 90 -INTRODUCTION
Brackets containing section references to another NFPA document are for informational purposes only and are provi- ded as a guide to indicate the source of the extracted text. These bracketed references immediately follow the extracted text.
Informational Note: The format and language used in this Code follows guidelines established by NFPA and published in the NEC Style Manual. Copies of this manual can be obtained from NFP.A.
(D) Informative Annexes. Nonmandatory information relative to the use of the NEC is provided in informative annexes. Infor- mative annexes are not part of the enforceable requirements of the NEC, but are included for information purposes only.
90.6 Formal Interpretations. To promote uniformity of inter- pretation and application of this Code, formal interpretation procedures have been established and are found in the Regula- tions Governing the Development of NFPA Standards.
90.7 Examination of Equipment for Safety. For specific items of equipment and materials referred to in this Code, examina- tions for safety made under standard conditions provide a basis for approval where the record is made generally available through promulgation by organizations properly cquipped and qualified for experimental testing, inspections of the run of goods at factories, and service-value determination through field inspections. This avoids the necessity for repetition of examinations by different examiners, frequently with inade- quate facilities for such work, and the confusion that would result from conflicting reports on the suitability of devices and materials examined for a given purpose.
It is the intent of this Code that factory-installed internal wiring or the construction of equipment need not be inspected at the time of installation of the equipment, except to detect alterations or damage, if the equipment has been listed by a qualified electrical testing laboratory that is recognized as having the facilities described in the preceding paragraph and that requires suitability for installation in accordance with this Code. Suitability shall be determined by application of require- ments that are compatible with this Code.
Informational Note No. 1: See 110.3 for guidance on safety examinations.
Informational Note No. 2: See Article 100 for definitions of Listed and Reconditioned.
Informational Note No. 3: See Infonnative Annex A for a list of product safety standards that are compatible with this Code.
90.8 Wiring Planning.
(A) Future Expansion and Convenience. Plans and specifica- tions that provide ample space in raceways, spare raceways, and additional spaces allow for future increases in electric power and communications circuits. Distribution centers located in readily accessible locations provide convenience and safety of operation.
(B) Number of Circuits in Enclosures. It is elsewhere provided in this Code that the number of circuits confined in a single enclosure be varyingly restricted. Limiting the number of circuits in a single enclosure minimizes the effects from a short circuit or ground fault.
90.9 Units of Measurement.
(A) Measurement System of Preference. For the purpose of this Code, metric units of measurement are in accordance with the modernized metric system known as the International System of Units (SI).
(B) Dual System of Units. SI units shall appcar first, and inch- pound units shall immediately follow in parentheses. Conver- sion from inch-pound units to SI units shall be based on hard conversion except as provided in 90.9(C).
Exception: The tables located in Informative Annex C shall be permitted to list the trade sizes before SI units.
(C) Permitted Uses of Soft Conversion. The cases given in 90.9(C) (1) through (C) (4) shall not be required to use hard conversion and shall be permitted to use soft conversion.
(1) Trade Sizes. Where the actual measured size of a product is not the same as the nominal size, trade size designators shall be used rather than dimensions. Trade practices shall be followed in all cases.
(2) Extracted Material. Where material is extracted from another standard, the context of the original material shall not be compromised or violated. Any editing of the extracted text shall be confined to making the style consistent with that of the NEC.
(3) Industry Practice. Where industry practice is to express units in inch-pound units, the inclusion of SI units shall not be required.
(4) Safety. Where a negative impact on safety would result, soft conversion shall be used.
(D) Compliance. Conversion from inch-pound units to SI units shall be permitted to be an approximate conversion. Compliance with the numbers shown in either the SI system or the inch-pound system shall constitute compliance with this Code.
Informational Note No. 1: Hard conversion is considered a change in dimensions or properties of an item into new sizes that might or might not be interchangeable with the sizes used in the original measurement. Soft conversion is considered a direct mathematical conversion and involves a change in the description of an existing measurement but not in the actual dimension.
Informational Note No. 2: SI conversions are based on IEEE/ ASTM SI 10-1997, Standard for the Use of the International System of Units (SI): The Modern Metric System.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-25
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Chapter 1 General
ARTICLE 100 Definitions
Scope. This article contains only those definitions essential to the application of this Code. It is not intended to include commonly defined general terms or commonly defined techni- cal terms from related codes and standards. An article number in parentheses following the definition indicates that the defi- nition only applies to that article.
Informational Note: A definition that is followed by a reference in brackets has been extracted from one of the following stand- ards. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
(1) NFPA 30A-2021, Code for Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities and Repair Garages
(2) NFPA 33-2021, Standard for Spray Application Using Flam- mable or Combustible Materials
(3) NFPA 75-2020, Standard for the Fire Protection of Information Technology Equipment
(4) NFPA 79-2021, Electrical Standard for Industrial Machinery
(5) NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facilities Code
(6) NFPA 1015-2022, Life Safety Code?
(7) NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems
(8) NFPA 303-2021, Fire Protection Standard for Marinas and Boat yards
(9) NFPA 307-2021, Standard for the Construction and Fire Protection of Marine Terminals, Piers, and Wharves
(10) NFPA 499-2021, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Combustible Dusts and of Hazardous (Classified) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process . Areas
(11) NFPA 501-2022, Standard on Manufactured Housing
(12) NFPA 790-2021, Standard for Competency of Third-Party Field Evaluation Bodies
(13) NFPA 1192-2021, Standard on Recreational Vehicles
Accessible (as applied to equipment). . Capable of being reached for operation, renewal, and inspection. (CMP-1)
Accessible (as applied to wiring methods). Capable of being removed or exposed without damaging the building structure or finish or not permanently closed in or blocked by the struc- ture, other electrical equipment, other building systems, or finish of the building. (CMP-1)
Accessible, Readily (Readily Accessible). Capable of being reached quickly for operation, renewal, or inspections without requiring those to whom ready access is requisite to take actions such as to use tools (other than keys), to climb over or under, to remove obstacles, or to resort to portable ladders, and so forth. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Use of keys is a common practice under controlled or supervised conditions and a common alternative to the ready access requirements under such supervised condi- tions as provided elsewhere in the NEC.
Adapter. A device used to adapt a circuit from one configura- tion of an attachment plug or receptacle to another configura- tion with the same current rating. (520) (CMP-15)
Adjustable Speed Drive. Power conversion equipment that provides a means of adjusting the speed of an electric motor. (CMP-11)
Informational Note: A variable frequency drive is one type of electronic adjustable speed drive that controls the rotational speed of an ac electric motor by controlling the frequency and voltage of the electrical power supplied to the motor.
Adjustable Speed Drive System. A combination of an adjusta- ble speed drive, its associated motor(s), and auxiliary cquip- ment. (CMP-11)
Aircraft Painting Hangar. An aircraft hangar constructed for the express purpose of spraying, coating, and/or dipping appli- cations and provided with dedicated ventilation supply and exhaust. (CMP-14)
Alternate Power Source. One or more generator sets, or battery systems where permitted, intended to provide power during the interruption of the normal electrical service; or the public utility electrical service intended to provide power during interruption of service normally provided by the gener- ating facilities on the premises. [99:3.3.4] (517) (CMP-15)
Ambulatory Health Care Occupancy. An occupancy used to provide services or treatment simultaneously to four or more patients that provides, on an outpatient basis, one or more of the following:
(1) Treatment for patients that renders the patients incapa- ble of taking action for self-preservation under emer- gency conditions without the as.sistanceof others.
(2) Anesthesia that renders the patients incapable of taking action for self-preservation under emergency conditions without the as.sistanceof others.
(3) Treatment for patients who, due to the nature of their injury or illness, arc incapable of taking action for self- preservation under emergency conditions without the assistance of others.
[101:3.3.198.1] (517) (CMP-15)
Ampacity. The maximum current, in amperes, that a conduc- tor can carry continuously under the conditions of use without exceeding its temperature rating. (CMP-6)
Amplifier (Audio Amplifier) (Pre-Amplifier). Electronic equip- ment that increases the current or voltage, or both, of an audio signal intended for use by another piece of audio equipment. Amplifier is the term used to denote an audio amplifier. (640) (CMP-12)
Appliance. Utilization equipment, generally other than indus- trial, that is fastened in place, stationary, or portable; is normally built in a standardized size or type; and is installed or connected as a unit to perform one or more functions such as clothes washing, air-conditioning, food mixing, deep frying, and so forth. (CMP-17)
Applicator. The device used to transfer energy between the output circuit and the object or mass to be heated. (665) (CMP-12)
Approved. Acceptable to the authority having jurisdiction. (CMP-1)
70-26
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Arc-Fault Circuit Interrupter (AFCI). A device intended to provide protection from the effects of arc faults by recognizing characteristics unique to arcing and by functioning to de- energize the circuit when an arc fault is detected. (CMP-2)
Array. A mechanically and electrically integrated grouping of modules with support structure, including any attached system components such as inverter(s) or dc-to-dc converter(s) and attached associated wiring. (690) (CMP-4)
Askarel. A generic term for a group of nonflammable synthetic chlorinated hydrocarbons used as electrical insulating media. (CMP-9)
Informational Note: Askarels of various compositional types are used. Under arcing conditions, the gases produced, while consisting predominantly of noncombustible hydrogen chlor- ide, can include varying amounts of combustible gases, depend- ing on the askarel type.
Associated Apparatus. Apparatus in which the circuits are not necessarily intrinsically safe themselves but that affects the energy in the intrinsically safe circuits and is relied on to main- tain intrinsic safety. Such apparatus is one of the following:
(1) Electrical apparatus that has an alternative type of protec- tion for use in the appropriate hazardous (classified) location
(2) Electrical apparatus not so protected that shall not be used within a hazardous (classified) location
(CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: Associated apparatus has identified intrinsically safe connections for intrinsically safe apparatus and also might have connections for nonintrinsically safe apparatus.
Informational Note No. 2: An example of associated apparatus is an intrinsic safety barrier, which is a network designed to limit the energy (voltage and current) available to the protected circuit in the hazardous (classified) location under specified fault conditions.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/UL 913, Intrinsically Safe Apparatus and Associated Apparatus for Use in Class I, II, and III, Division 1, Hazardous (Classified) Locations; ANSI/UL 60079-11, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 11: Equipment Protection by Intrinsic Safety "i"; and ANSI/ISA RP 12.06.01,. Recommended Practice for Wiring Methods for Hazardous (Classified) Locations Instrumentation -Part 1: Intrinsic Safety, for additional information.
Associated Nonincendive Field Wiring Apparatus. Apparatus in which the circuits are not necessarily nonincendive them- selves but that affects the energy in nonincendive field wiring circuits and is relied on to maintain nonincendive energy levels. Such apparatus is one of the following:
(1) Electrical apparatus that has an alternative type of protec- tion for use in the appropriate hazardous (classified) location
(2) Electrical apparatus not so protected that shall not be used within a hazardous (classified) location
(CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: Associated nonincendive field wiring apparatus has designated associated nonincendive field wiring apparatus connections for nonincendive field wiring apparatus and also might have connections for other electrical apparatus.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electrical Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divisions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Lorations, for additional information.
Attachment Fitting, Weight-Supporting (WSAF) (Weight- Supporting Attachment Fitting). A device that, by insertion into a weight-supporting ceiling receptacle, establishes a connection between the conductors of the attached utilization equipment and the branch-circuit conductors connected to the weight-supporting ceiling receptacle. (CMP-18)
Informational Note No. 1: A weight-supporting attachment fitting is different from an attachment plug because no cord is associated with the fitting. A weight-supporting attachment fitting in combination with a weight-supporting ceiling recepta- cle secures the associated utilization equipment in place and supports its weight.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6, American National Standard for Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, for the standard configuration of weight-supporting attachment fittings and related weight-supporting ceiling receptacles.
Attachment Plug (Plug Cap) (Plug). A device that, by insertion in a receptacle, establishes a connection between the conduc- tors of the attached flexible cord and the conductors connec- ted permanently to the receptacle. (CMP-18)
Audio Autotransformer. A transformer with a single winding and multiple taps intended for use with an amplifier loud- speaker signal output. (640) (C.MP-12)
Audio Signal Processing Equipment (Audio Equipment). Elcc- trically operated equipment that produces, processes, or both, electronic signals that, when appropriately amplified and reproduced by a loudspeaker, produce an acoustic signal within the range of normal human hearing (typically 20-20 kHz). Within Article 640, the terms equipment and audio equipment are assumed to be equivalent to audio signal processing equipment. (640) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: This equipment includes, but is not limited to, loudspeakers; headphones; pre-amplifiers; microphones and their power supplies; mixers; MIDI (musical instrument digital interface) equipment or other digital control systems; equaliz- ers, compressors, and other audio signal processing equipment; and audio media recording and playback equipment, including turntables, tape decks and disk players (audio and multimedia), synthesizers, tone generators, and electronic organs. Electronic organs and synthesizers may have integral or separate amplifica- tion and loudspeakers. With the exception of amplifier outputs, virtually all such equipment is used to process signals (using analog or digital techniques) that have nonhazardous levels of voltage or current.
Audio System. The totality of all equipment and interconnect- ing wiring used to fabricate a fully functional audio signal processing, amplification, and reproduction system. (640) (CMP-12)
Audio Transformer. A transformer with two or more electri- cally isolated windings and multiple taps intended for use with an amplifier loudspeaker signal output. (640) (CMP-12)
Authority Having Jurisdiction (AHJ). An organization, office, or individual responsible for enforcing the requirements of a code or standard, or for approving equipment, materials, an installation, or a procedure. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: The phrase "authority having jurisdiction," or its acronym AHJ, is used in NFPA documents in a broad manner, since jurisdictions and approval agencies vary, as do their responsibilities. Where public safety is primary, the author- ity having jurisdiction may be a federal, state, local, or other regional department or individual such as a fire chief; fire marshal; chief of a fire prevention bureau, labor department, or
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-27
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
health departinent; building official; electrical inspector; or others having statutory authority. For insurance purposes, an insurance inspection department, rating bureau, or other insur- ance company representative may be the authority having juris- diction. In many circumstances, the property owner or his or her designated agent assumes the role of the authority having jurisdiction; at government installations, the commanding offi- cer or departinental official may be the authority having jurisdic- tion.
Automatic. Performing a function without the necessity of human intervention. (CMP-1)
Bathroom. An arca including a sink with one or more of the following: a toilet, a urinal, a tub, a shower, a bidet, or similar plumbing fixtures. (CMP-2)
Battery. A single cell or a group of cells connected together electrically in series, in parallel, or a combination of both. (CMP-13)
Battery, Flow. (Flow Battery) An energy storage component that stores its active materials in the form of one or two electro- lytes external to the reactor interface. When in use, the electro- lytes are transferred between reactor and storage tanks. (706) (CMP-13)
Informational Note: Three commercially available flow battery technologies are zinc air, zinc bromine, and vanadium redox, sometimes referred to as pumped electrol yle ESS.
Battery, Sealed. (Sealed Battery) A battery that has no provi- sion for the routine addition of water or electrolyte or for external measurement of electrolyte specific gravity and might contain pressure relief venting. (CMP-13)
Battery, Stationary Standby. (Stationary Standby Battery) A battery that spends the majority of the time on continuous float charge or in a high state of charge, in readiness for a discharge cvent. (CMP-13)
Informational Note: Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) batteries are an example that falls under this definition.
Battery-Powered Lighting Units. Individual unit equipment for backup illumination consisting of a rechargeable battery; a battery-charging means; provisions for one or more lamps mounted on the equipment, or with terminals for remote lamps, or both; and a relaying device arranged to energize the lamps automatically upon failure of the supply to the unit equipment. (517) (CMP-15)
Berth. The water space to be occupied by a boat or other vessel alongside or between bulkheads, piers, piles, fixed and floating docks, or any similar access structure. [303:3.3.2] (555) (CMP-7)
Informational Note: See the definition of Slip for additional information.
Bipolar Circuit. A dc circuit that is comprised of two monopole circuits, cach having an opposite polarity connected to a common reference point. (CMP-4)
Block. A square or portion of a city, town, or village enclosed by streets and including the alleys so enclosed, but not any street. (800) (CMP-16)
Boatyard. A facility used for constructing, repairing, servicing, hauling from the water, storing (on land and in water), and launching of boats. [303:3.3.3] (555) (CMP-7)
Bodies of Water, Artificially Made. (Artificially Made Bodies of Water) Bodies of water that have been constructed or modified to fit some decorative or commercial purpose such as, but not limited to, acration ponds, fish farm ponds, storm retention basins, treatment ponds, and irrigation (channel) facilities. Water depths may vary seasonally or be controlled. (682) (CMP-17)
Bodies of Water, Natural. (Natural Bodies of Water) Bodies of water such as lakes, streams, ponds, rivers, and other naturally occurring bodies of water, which may vary in depth throughout the year. (682) (CMP-17)
Bonded (Bonding). Connected to establish electrical continu- ity and conductivity. (CMP-5)
Bonding Conductor (Bonding Jumper). A conductor that ensures the required electrical conductivity between metal parts that are required to be electrically connected. (CMP-5)
Bonding Jumper, Equipment. (Equipment Bonding Jumper) The connection between two or more portions of the cquip- ment grounding conductor: (CMP-5)
Bonding Jumper, Main. (Main Bonding Jumper) The connec- tion between the grounded circuit conductor and the equip- ment grounding conductor, or the supply-side bonding jumper, or both, at the service. (CMP-5)
Bonding Jumper, Supply-Side. (Supply-Side Bonding Jumper) A conductor installed on the supply side of a service or within a service equipment enclosure(s), or for a separately derived system, that ensures the required electrical conductivity between metal parts required to be electrically connected. (CMP-5)
Bonding Jumper, System. (System Bonding Jumper) The connection between the grounded circuit conductor and the supply-side bonding jumper, or the equipment grounding conductor, or both, at a separately derived system. (CMP-5)
Border Light. A permanently installed overhead strip light. (520) (CMP-15)
Bottom Shield. A protective layer that is installed between the floor and flat conductor cable (Type FCC) to protect the cable from physical damage and may or may not be incorporated as an integral part of the cable. (324) (CMP-6)
Branch Circuit (Branch-Circuit). The circuit conductors between the final overcurrent device protecting the circuit and the outlet(s). (CMP-2)
Branch Circuit, Appliance. (Appliance Branch Circuit) A branch circuit that supplies energy to one or more outlets to which appliances are to be connected and that has no perma- nently connected luminaires that are not a part of an appli- ancc. (CMP-2)
Branch Circuit, General-Purpose. (General-Purpose Branch Circuit) A branch circuit that supplies two or more receptacles or outlets for lighting and appliances. (CMP-2)
Branch Circuit, Individual. (Individual Branch Circuit) A branch circuit that supplies only one utilization equipment. (CMP-2)
Branch Circuit, Motor. (Motor Branch Circuit) The circuit conductors, including equipment, between the motor branch-
70-28
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device and an individual motor. (CMP-11)
Branch Circuit, Multiwire. (Multiwire Branch Circuit) A branch circuit that consists of two or more ungrounded conductors that have a voltage between them, and a neutral conductor that has cqual voltage between it and cach ungroun- ded conductor of the circuit and that is connected to the neutral conductor of the system. (CMP-2)
Branch-Circuit Selection Current (BCSC). The value in amperes to be used instead of the rated-load current in deter- mining the ratings of motor branch-circuit conductors, discon- necting means, controllers, and branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective devices wherever the running overload protective device permits a sustained current greater than the specified percentage of the rated-load current. The value of branch-circuit selection current will always be equal to or greater than the marked rated-load current. (440) (CMP-11)
Breakout Assembly. An adapter used to connect a multipole connector containing two or more branch circuits to multiple individual branch-circuit connectors. (520) (CMP-15)
Broadband. Wide bandwidth data transmission that transports multiple signals, protocols, and traffic types over various media types. (C.MP-16)
Building. A structure that stands alone or that is separated from adjoining structures by fire walls. (CMP-1)
Building, Floating. (Floating Building) A building that floats on water, is moored in a permanent location, and has a prem- ises wiring system served through connection by permanent wiring to an electrical supply system not located on the prem- iscs. (CMP-7)
Building, Manufactured. (Manufactured Building) Any build- ing that is of closed construction and is made or as.sembled in manufacturing facilities on or off the building site for installa- tion, or for assemblyand installation on the building site, other than manufactured homes, mobile homes, park trailers, or recreational vehicles. (545) (CMP-7)
Building Component. Any subsystem, subassembly, or other system designed for use in or integral with or as part of a struc- turc, which can include structural, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, and fire protection systems, and other systems affect- ing health and safety. (545) (CMP-7)
Building System. Plans, specifications, and documentation for a system of manufactured building or for a type or a system of building components, which can include structural, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, and fire protection systems, and other systems affecting health and safety, and including such varia- tions thereof as are specifically permitted by regulation, and which variations are submitted as part of the building system or amendment thereto. (545) (CMP-7)
Bulkhead. A vertical structural wall, usually of stone, timber, metal, concrete, or synthetic material, constructed along, and generally parallel to, the shoreline to retain carth as an exten- sion of the upland, and often to provide suitable water depth at the waterside facc. [303:3.3.5] (555) (CMP-7)
Bull Switch. An externally operated wall-mounted safety switch that can contain overcurrent protection and is designed for the connection of portable cables and cords. (530) (CMP-15)
Bundled. Cables or conductors that are tied, wrapped, taped, or otherwise periodically bound together. (520) (CMP-15)
Busbar. A noninsulated conductor electrically connected to the source of supply and physically supported on an insulator providing a power rail for connection to utilization equipment, such as sensors, actuators, A/V devices, low-voltage luminaire assemblies, and similar electrical equipment. (393) (CMP-18)
Busbar Support. An insulator that runs the length of a section of suspended ceiling bus rail that serves to support and isolate the busbars from the suspended grid rail. (393) (CMP-18)
Busway. A raceway consisting of a metal enclosure containing factory-mounted, bare or insulated conductors, which are usually copper or aluminum bars, rods, or tubes. (CMP-8)
Cabinet. An enclosure that is designed for either surface mounting or flush mounting and is provided with a frame, mat, or trim in which a swinging door or doors are or can be hung. (CMP-9)
Cable, Abandoned. (Abandoned Cable) Installed cable that is not terminated at equipment other than a termination fitting or a connector and is not identified for future use with a tag. (CMP-16)
Informational Note: See 640.6(B), 645.5(G), 722.25, 760.25, 770.25, and 800.25 for requirements covering the removal of abandoned cables.
Cable, Armored (Type AC). (Armored Cable) A fabricated assembly of insulated conductors in a flexible interlocked metallic armor. (CMP-6)
Cable, Circuit Integrity (CI). (Circuit Integrity Cable) Cable(s) marked with the suffix "-CI" used for remote control, signaling, power-limited, fire alarm, optical fiber, or communications systems that supply critical circuits to ensure survivability for continued circuit operation for a specified time under fire conditions. (CMP-3)
Informational Note: See 728.4 for power circuits installed for survivability.
Cable, Coaxial. (Coaxial Cable) A cylindrical assembly composed of a conductor centered inside a metallic tube or shield, separated by a dielectric material, and usually covered by an insulating jacket. (CMP-16)
Cable, Festoon. (Festoon Cable) Single- and multiple- conductor cable intended for use and installation where flexi- bility is required. (610) (CMP-12)
Cable, Flat Conductor (Type FCC). (Flat Conductor Cable) Three or more separate flat copper conductors placed horizon- tally edge-to-edge and enclosed within an insulating assembly (324) (C.VIP-6)
Cable, Instrumentation Tray (Type ITC). (Instrumentation Tray Cable) A factory assembly of two or more insulated conductors, with or without an equipment grounding conduc- tor(s), enclosed in a nonmetallic sheath. (CMP-3)
Cable, Integrated Gas Spacer (Type IGS). (Integrated Gas Spacer Cable) A factory assemblyof one or more conductors, cach individually insulated and enclosed in a loose fit, nonme- tallic flexible conduit as an integrated gas spacer cable rated 0 volts through 600 volts. (CMP-6)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-29
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Cable, Limited Use. (Limited-Use Cable) Cables that are inten- ded to be used with protection such as a raceway or for specific restricted applications. (722) (CMP-3)
Cable, Medium Voltage(Type MV). (Medium Voltage Cable) A single or multiconductor solid dielectric insulated cable rated 2001 volts up to and including 35,000 volts, nominal. (CMP-6)
Cable, Metal Clad (Type MC). (Metal Clad Cable) A factory assembly of one or more insulated circuit conductors with or without optical fiber members enclosed in an armor of inter- locking metal tape, or a smooth or corrugated metallic sheath. (CMP-6)
Cable, Metallic Conductor. (Metallic Conductor Cable) A factory assembly of two or more conductors having an overall covering. (C.MP-16)
Cable, Mineral-Insulated, Metal-Sheathed (Type MI). (Mineral- Insulated, Metal-Sheathed Cable) A factory assembly of one or more conductors insulated with a highly compressed refractory mineral insulation and enclosed in a liquidtight and gastight continuous copper or alloy steel sheath. (CMP-6)
Cable, Nonmetallic-Sheathed. A factory assembly of two or more insulated conductors enclosed within an overall nonme- tallic jacket. (CMP-6)
Cable, Nonmetallic-Sheathed (Type NM). Insulated conduc- tors enclosed within an overall nonmetallic jacket. (CMP-6)
Cable, Nonmetallic-Sheathed (Type NMC). Insulated conduc- tors enclosed within an overall, corrosion resistant, nonmetallic jacket. (CMP-6)
Cable, Optical Fiber. (Optical Fiber Cable) A factory assembly or field assembly of one or more optical fibers having an over- all covering. (CMP-16)
Informational Note: A field-assembled optical fiber cable is an assembly of one or more optical fibers within a jacket. The jacket, without optical fibers, is installed in a manner similar to conduit or raceway. Once the jacket is installed, the optical fibers are inserted into the jacket, completing the cable assem- bly.
Cable, Optical Fiber, Conductive. (Conductive Optical Fiber Cable) A factory assembly of one or more optical fibers having an overall covering and containing non-current-carrying conductive member(s) such as metallic strength member(s), metallic vapor barrier(s), metallic armor, or metallic sheath. (CMP-16)
Cable, Optical Fiber, Hybrid. (Hybrid Optical Fiber Cable) A cable containing optical fibers and current-carrying electrical conductors. (CMP-16)
Cable, Optical Fiber, Nonconductive. (Nonconductive Optical Fiber Cable) A factory assembly of one or more optical fibers having an overall covering and containing no electrically conductive materials. (CMP-16)
Cable, Optical Fiber, Protected. (Protected Optical Fiber Cable) Optical fiber cable protected from releasing optical radiation into the atmosphere during normal operating condi- tions and foreseeable malfunctions by additional armoring, conduit, cable tray, or raceway. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for additional information.
Cable, Portable Power Feeder. (Portable Power Feeder Cable) One or more flexible shielded insulated power conductors enclosed in a flexible covering rated from 2001 to 25,000 volts. (CMP-6)
Cable, Power and Control Tray (Type TC). (Power and Control Tray Cable) A factory assembly of two or more insulated conductors, with or without associated bare or covered cquip- ment grounding conductors, under a nonmetallic jacket. (CMP-6)
Cable, Power-Limited Tray (Type PLTC). (Power-Limited Tray Cable) A factory assembly of two or more insulated conductors rated at 300 volts, with or without associated bare or insulated equipment grounding conductors, under a nonmetallic jacket. (CMP-3)
Cable, Service. (Service Cable) Service conductors made up in the form of a cable. (CMP-10)
Cable, Service Entrance. (Service Entrance Cable) A single conductor or multiconductor cable provided with an overall covering, primarily used for services. (CMP-6)
Cable, Service Entrance (Type SE). Service-entrance cable having a flame-retardant, moisture-resistant covering. (CMP-6)
Cable, Service Entrance (Type USE). Service-entrance cable, identified for underground use, having a moisture-resistant covering, but not required to have a flame-retardant covering. (CMP-6).
Cable, Type P. A factory assembly of one or more insulated flexible tinned copper conductors, with associated equipment grounding conductor(s), with or without a braided metallic armor and with an overall nonmetallic jacket. (CMP-6)
Cable, Under Carpet. (Under Carpet Cable) Cables that are intended to be used under carpeting, floor covering, modular tiles, and planks. (722) (CMP-3)
Cable, Underground Feeder and Branch-Circuit (Type UF). (Underground Feeder and Branch-Circuit Cable) A factory assembly of one or more insulated conductors with an integral or an overall covering of nonmetallic material suitable for direct burial in the carth. (CMP-6)
Cable Assembly, Flat (Type FC). (Flat Cable Assembly) An assembly of parallel conductors formed integrally with an insu- lating material web specifically designed for field installation in surface metal raceway. (CMP-6)
Cable Bundle. A group of cables that are tied together or in contact with one another in a closely packed configuration for at least 1.0 m (40 in.). (CMP-3)
Informational Note: Random or loose installation of individual cables can result in less heating. Combing of the cables can result in less heat dissipation and more signal cross talk between cables.
Cable Connector. A connector designed to join flat conductor cables (Typc FCC) without using a junction box. (324) (CMP-6)
Cable Connector [as applied to hazardous (classified) loca- tions]. An electrical device that is part of a cable assembly and that, by insertion of two mating configurations, establishes a connection between the conductors of the cable assembly and the conductors of a fixed piece of equipment. (CMP-14)
70-30
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electrical Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divisions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on the use of cable connectors.
Informational Note No. 2: Cable connectors in other than hazardous (classified) locations are referred to as male and female fittings.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/UL 2238, Cable Assemblies and Fittings for Industrial Control and Signal Distribution, and ANSI/UL 2237, Multi-Point Interconnection Power Cable Assemblies for Industrial Machinery, for examples of standards on male and female fittings in other than hazardous (classified) locations.
Cable Joint. A connection consisting of an insulation system and a connector where two (or more) medium voltage (Type MV) cables are joined together. (CMP-6)
Cable Management System. An apparatus designed to control and organize lengths of cable or cord. (CMP-12)
Cable Routing Assembly. A single channel or connected multi- ple channels, as well as associated fittings, forming a structural system that is used to support and route communications wires and cables, optical fiber cables, data cables associated with information technology and communications equipment, Class 2, Class 3, and Type PLTC cables, and power-limited fire alarm cables in plenum, riser, and general-purpose applica- tions. (CMP-16)
Cable Sheath. A single or multiple layers of a protective cover- ing that holds and protects the conductors or optical fibers, or both, contained inside. (CMP-16)
Cable System, Fire-Resistive. (Fire-Resistive Cable System) A cable and components used to ensure survivability of critical circuits for a specified time under fire conditions. (CMP-3)
Cable System, Flat Conductor. (Flat Conductor Cable System) A complete wiring system for branch circuits that is designed for installation under carpet squares. (324) (CMP-6)
Informational Note: The FCC system includes Type FCC cable and associated shielding, connectors, terminators, adapters, boxes, and receptacles.
Cable Termination. A connection consisting of an insulation system and a connector and installed on a medium voltage (Type MV) cable to connect from a cable to a device, such as equipment. (CMP-6)
Cable Tray System. A unit or assemblyof units or sections and associated fittings forming a structural system used to securely fasten or support cables and raceways. (CMP-8)
Cablebus. An assembly of units or sections with insulated conductors having associated fittings forming a structural system used to securely fasten or support conductors and conductor terminations in a completely enclosed, ventilated, protective metal housing. This assembly is designed to carry fault current and to withstand the magnetic forces of such current. (CMP-8)
Informational Note: Cablebus is ordinarily assembled at the point of installation from the components furnished or speci- fied by the manufacturer in accordance with instructions for the specific job.
Cell (as applied to batteries). The basic electrochemical unit, characterized by an anode and a cathode, used to receive, storc, and deliver electrical energy. (CMP-13)
Cell, Sealed. (Sealed Cell) A cell that has no provision for the routine addition of water or electrolyte or for external meas- urement of electrolyte specific gravity and might contain pres- sure relief venting. (CMP-13)
Cell Line. An assembly of electrically interconnected electro- lytic cells supplied by a source of direct-current power. (CMP-12)
Cell Line Attachments and Auxiliary Equipment. A term that includes, but is not limited to, auxiliary tanks; process piping; ductwork; structural supports; exposed cell line conductors; conduits and other raceways; pumps, positioning equipment, and cell cutout or bypass electrical devices. Auxiliary cquip- ment includes tools, welding machines, crucibles, and other portable equipment used for operation and maintenance within the electrolytic cell line working zone. In the cell line working zone, auxiliary cquipment includes the exposed conductive surfaces of ungrounded cranes and crane-mounted cell-servicing equipment. (668) (CMP-12)
Charge Controller. Equipment that controls de voltage or dc current, or both, and that is used to charge a battery or other energy storage device. (CMP-13)
Charger Power Converter. The device used to convert energy from the power grid to a high-frequency output for wireless power transfer. (625) (CMP-12)
Child Care Facility. A building or structure, or portion thereof, for educational, supervisory, or personal care services for more than four children 7 years old or less. (406) (CMP-18)
Circuit Breaker. A device designed to open and close a circuit by nonautomatic means and to open the circuit automatically on a predetermined overcurrent without damage to itself when properly applied within its rating. (CMP-10)
Informational Note: The automatic opening means can be inte- gral, direct acting with the circuit breaker, or remote from the circuit breaker.
Circuit Breaker, Adjustable. (Adjustable Circuit Breaker) A qualifying term indicating that the circuit breaker can be set to trip at various values of current, time, or both, within a prede- termined range. (CMP-10)
Circuit Breaker, Instantaneous Trip. (Instantaneous Trip Circuit Breaker) A qualifying term indicating that no delay is purposely introduced in the tripping action of the circuit breaker. (CMP-10)
Circuit Breaker, Inverse Time. (Inverse Time Circuit Breaker) A qualifying term indicating that there is a delay purposely introduced in the tripping action of the circuit breaker, and the delay decreases as the magnitude of the current increases. (CMP-10)
Circuit Breaker, Nonadjustable. (Nonadjustable Circuit Breaker) A qualifying term indicating that the circuit breaker docs not have any adjustment to alter the value of the current at which it will trip or the time required for its operation. (CMP-10)
Class 1 Circuit. The portion of the wiring system between the load side of the Class 1 power source and the connected equip- ment. (CMP-3)
Class 2 Circuit. The portion of the wiring system between the load side of a Class 2 power source and the connected equip-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-31
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
ment. Due to its power limitations, a Class 2 circuit considers safety from a fire initiation standpoint and provides acceptable protection from electric shock. (CMP-3)
Class 3 Circuit. The portion of the wiring system between the load side of a Class 3 power source and the connected equip- ment. Due to its power limitations, a Class 3 circuit considers safety from a fire initiation standpoint. Since higher levels of voltage and current than for Class 2 are permitted, additional safeguards are specified to provide protection from an electric shock hazard that could be encountered. (CMP-3)
Class 4 Circuit. The portion of the wiring system between the load side of a Class 4 transmitter and the Class 4 receiver or Class 4 utilization equipment, as appropriate. Due to the active monitoring and control of the voltage and current provided, a Class 4 circuit considers safety from a fire initiation standpoint and provides acceptable protection from electric shock. (726) (CMP-3)
Informational Note: A Class 4 circuit is also commonly referred to as a fault-managed power circuit.
Class 4 Device. Any active device connected to the Class 4 circuit; examples include a Class 4 transmitter, a Class 4 receiver, or Class 4 utilization equipment. (CMP-3)
Class 4 Power System. An actively monitored and controlled system consisting of one or more Class 4 transmitters and one or more Class 4 receivers connected by a cabling system. (CMP-3)
Class 4 Receiver. A device that accepts Class 4 power and converts it for use by utilization equipment. (CMP-3)
Class 4 Transmitter. A device that sources Class 4 power. (726) (CMP-3)
Informational Note: A Class 4 transmitter is different from tradi- tional power sources in that it monitors the line for faults (both line-to-line and line-to-ground) and ceases power transmission if a fault is sensed.
Class 4 Utilization Equipment. Devices that are directly powered by a Class 4 transmitter without the need for a sepa- rate Class 4 receiver (the receiver is integrated into the cquip- ment). (CMP-3)
Closed Construction. Any building, building component, assembly, or system manufactured in such a manner that all concealed parts of processes of manufacture cannot be inspec- ted after installation at the building site without disassembly, damage, or destruction. (545) (CMP-7)
Clothes Closet. A nonhabitable room or space intended primarily for storage of garments and apparel. (CMP-1)
Clothes Closet Storage Space. The arca within a clothes closet in which combustible materials can be kept. (410) (CMP-18)
Collector Rings. An assemblyof slip rings for transferring elec- tric energy from a stationary to a rotating member. (675) (CMP-7)
Combiner (DC). (dc Combiner) (Direct-Current Combiner) An enclosure that includes devices used to connect two or more PV system de circuits in parallel. (690) (CMP-4)
Combustible Dust. Solid particles that are 500 um or smaller (i.c., material passing a U.S. No. 35 Standard Sieve as defined in ASTM E11-17, Standard Specification for Woven Wire Test Sieve
Cloth and Test Sieves) that can form an explosible mixture when suspended in air at standard atmospheric pressure and temper- aturc. [499:3.3.3] (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ASTM E1226, Standard Test Method for Explosibility of Dust Clouds, ISO 6184-1, Explosion protection systems - Part 1: Determination of explosion indices of combustible dusts in air, or ANSI/UL 80079-20-2, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 20-2: Material Characteristics - Combustible Dusts Test Methods, for proce- dures for determining the explosibility of dusts. Historically, explosibility has been described as presenting a flash fire or explosion hazard. It could be understood that potential hazards due to the formation of an explosible mixture when suspended in air at standard atmospheric pressure and temperature would include ignition.
Combustible Gas Detection System. A protection technique utilizing stationary gas detectors in industrial establishments. (CMP-14)
Commissioning. The process, procedures, and testing used to set up and verify the initial performance, operational controls, safety systems, and sequence of operation of electrical devices and equipment, prior to it being placed into active service. (CMP-13)
Communications Circuit. A metallic, fiber, or wireless circuit that provides voice/data (and associated power) for communications-related services between communications equipment. (CMP-16)
Communications Circuit, Network-Powered Broadband. (Network-Powered Broadband Communications Circuit) The circuit extending from the communications utility's or service provider's serving terminal or tap up to and including the network interface unit (NIU). (830) (CMP-16)
Informational Note: A typical one-family dwelling network- powered communications circuit consists of a communications drop or communications service cable and an NIU and includes the communications utility's serving tenninal or tap where it is not under the exclusive control of the communications utility.
Communications Circuit, Premises. (Premises Communications Circuit) The circuit that extends voice, audio, video, data, interactive services, telegraph (except radio), and outside wiring for fire alarm and burglar alarm from the service provid- er's network terminal to the customer's communications cquip- ment. (840) (CMP-16)
Communications Equipment. The electronic equipment that performs the telecommunications operations for the transmis- sion of audio, video, and data, and includes power equipment (c.g., dc converters, inverters, and batteries), technical support equipment (c.g., computers), and conductors dedicated solely to the operation of the equipment. (C.MP-16)
Informational Note: As the telecommunications network transi- tions to a more data-centric network, computers, routers, serv- ers, and their powering equipment, are becoming essential to the transmission of audio, video, and data and are finding increasing application in communications equipment installa- tions.
Communications Service Provider. An organization, business, or individual that offers communications service to others. (CMP-16)
Community Antenna Television Circuit (CATV). The circuit that extends community antenna television systems for audio, video, data, and interactive services from the service provider's
70-32
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100- DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
network terminal to the appropriate customer equipment. (CMP-16)
Concealable Nonmetallic Extension. A listed assembly of two, three, or four insulated circuit conductors within a nonmetallic jacket, an extruded thermoplastic covering, or a scaled nonme- tallic covering. The classification includes surface extensions intended for mounting directly on the surface of walls or ceil- ings and concealed with paint, texture, joint compound, plas- ter, wallpaper, tilc, wall paneling, or other similar materials. (CMP-6)
Concealed. Rendered inaccessible by the structure or finish of the building. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Wires in concealed raceways are considered concealed, even though they may become accessible by with- drawing them.
Concealed Knob-and-Tube Wiring. A wiring method using knobs, tubes, and flexible nonmetallic tubing for the protec- tion and support of single insulated conductors. (CMP-6)
Conductor, Bare. (Bare Conductor) A conductor having no covering or electrical insulation whatsoever. (CMP-6)
Conductor, Copper-Clad Aluminum. (Copper-Clad Aluminum Conductor) Conductor drawn from a copper-clad aluminum rod, with the copper metallurgically bonded to an aluminum corc. (CMP-6)
Conductor, Covered. (Covered Conductor) A conductor encased within material of composition or thickness that is not recognized by this Code as electrical insulation. (CMP-6)
Conductor, Insulated. (Insulated Conductor) A conductor encased within material of composition and thickness that is recognized by this Code as electrical insulation. (CMP-6)
Conductor, Insulated. (Insulated Conductor) Overhead service conductor encased in a polymeric material adequate for the applied nominal voltage and any conductor types described in 310.4. (396) (CMP-6)
Informational Note: See ICEA S-76-474-2011, Standard for Neutral Supported Power Cable Assemblies with Weather-Resistant Extruded Insulation Rated 600 Volts, for infonnation about overhead service conductors.
Conductors, Outdoor Overhead. (Outdoor Overhead Conduc- tors) Single conductors, insulated, covered, or bare, installed outdoors on support structures in frec air. (399) (CMP-6)
Conduit, Flexible Metal (FMC). (Flexible Metal Conduit) A raceway of circular cross section made of helically wound, formed, interlocked metal strip. (CMP-8)
Conduit, High Density Polyethylene (HDPE). (High Density Polyethylene Conduit) A nonmetallic raceway of circular cross section, with associated couplings, connectors, and fittings for the installation of electrical conductors. (CMP-8)
Conduit, Intermediate Metal (IMC). (Intermediate Metal Conduit) A steel threadable raceway of circular cross section designed for the physical protection and routing of conductors and cables and for use as an equipment grounding conductor when installed with its integral or associated coupling and appropriate fittings. (CMP-8)
Conduit, Liquidtight Flexible Metal (LFMC). (Liquidtight Flexi- ble Metal Conduit) A raceway of circular cross section having
an outer liquidtight, nonmetallic, sunlight-resistant jacket over an inner flexible metal core with associated couplings, connec- tors, and fittings for the installation of electric conductors. (CMP-8)
Conduit, Liquidtight Flexible Nonmetallic (LFNC). (Liquid- tight Flexible Nonmetallic Conduit) A raceway of circular cross section of various types as follows:
(1) A smooth scamless inner core and cover bonded together and having one or more reinforcement layers between the core and covers, designated as LFNC-A
(2) A smooth inner surface with integral reinforcement within the raceway wall, designated as LFNC-B
(3) A corrugated internal and external surface without inte- gral reinforcement within the raceway wall, designated as LFNC-C
(CMP-8)
Informational Note: FNMC is an alternative designation for LFNC.
Conduit, Nonmetallic Underground with Conductors (NUCC). (Nonmetallic Underground Conduit with Conductors) A factory assemblyof conductors or cables inside a nonmetallic, smooth wall raceway with a circular cross section. (CMP-8)
Conduit, Reinforced Thermosetting Resin (RTRC). (Rein- forced Thermosetting Resin Conduit) A rigid nonmetallic raceway of circular cross section, with integral or associated couplings, connectors, and fittings for the installation of clec- trical conductors and cables. (CMP-8)
Conduit, Rigid Metal (RMC). (Rigid Metal Conduit) A thread- able raceway of circular cross section designed for the physical protection and routing of conductors and cables and for use as an equipment grounding conductor when installed with its integral or associated coupling and appropriate fittings. (CMP -8)
Conduit, Rigid Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC). (Rigid Polyvinyl Chloride Conduit) A rigid nonmetallic raceway of circular cross section, with integral or associated couplings, connectors, and fittings for the installation of electrical conductors and cables. (CMP-8)
Conduit Body. A separate portion of a conduit or tubing system that provides access through a removable cover(s) to the interior of the system at a junction of two or more sections of the system or at a terminal point of the system.
Boxes such as FS and FD or larger cast or sheet metal boxes are not classified as conduit bodies. (CMP-9)
Connector. An electromechanical fitting. (393) (CMP-18)
Connector, Intercell. (Intercell Connector) An electrically conductive bar or cable used to connect adjacent cells. (CMP-13)
Connector, Intertier. (Intertier Connector) An electrical conductor used to connect two cells on different tiers of the same rack or different shelves of the same rack. (CMP-13)
Connector, Load. (Load Connector) An electromechanical connector used for power from the busbar to utilization cquip- ment. (393) (CMP-18)
Connector, Pendant. (Pendant Connector) An electromechani- cal or mechanical connector used to suspend low-voltage luminaire or utilization equipment below the grid rail and to
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-33
CHAPTER 1
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
supply power to connect from the busbar to utilization equip- ment. (393) (CMP-18)
Connector, Power Feed. (Power Feed Connector) An electro- mechanical connector used to connect the power supply to a power distribution cable, to connect directly to the busbar, or to connect from a power distribution cable to the busbar. (393) (CMP-18)
Connector, Pressure (Solderless). (Pressure Connector) A device that establishes a connection between two or more conductors or between one or more conductors and a terminal by means of mechanical pressure and without the use of solder. (CMP-1)
Connector, Rail to Rail. (Rail to Rail Connector) An electro- mechanical connector used to interconnect busbars from one ceiling grid rail to another grid rail. (393) (CMP-18)
Connector Strip. A metal wireway containing pendant or flush receptacles. (520) (CMP-15)
Container (as applied to batteries). A single-cell or multicell vessel or jar that holds the plates, electrolyte, and other clements of a single unit in a battery. (CMP-13)
Continuous Load. A load where the maximum current is expected to continue for 3 hours or more. (CMP-2)
Control. The predetermined process of connecting, discon- necting, increasing, or reducing electric power. (750) (CMP-13)
Control Circuit. The circuit of a control apparatus or system that carries the electric signals directing the performance of the controller but does not carry the main power current. (CMP-11)
Control Circuits, Fault-Tolerant External. (Fault-Tolerant Exter- nal Control Circuits) Those control circuits cither entering or leaving the fire pump controller enclosure, which if broken, disconnected, or shorted will not prevent the controller from starting the fire pump from all other internal or external means and may cause the controller to start the pump under these conditions. (695) (CMP-13)
Control Device, Emergency Lighting, (Emergency Lighting Control Device) A separate or integral device intended to perform one or more emergency lighting control functions. (700) (CMP-13)
Informational Note: See UL. 924, Emergency Lighting and Power Equipment, for information covering emergency lighting control devices.
Control Drawing. A drawing or other document provided by the manufacturer of the intrinsically safe or associated appara- tus, or of the nonincendive field wiring apparatus or associated nonincendive field wiring apparatus, that details the allowed interconnections between the intrinsically safe and associated apparatus or between the nonincendive field wiring apparatus or associated nonincendive field wiring apparatus. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See the following standards for additional information:
(2)
(1) ANSI/ISA/UL 120202, Recommendations for the Preparation, Content, and Organization of Intrinsir Safety Control Drawings ANSI/UL 913, Intrinsically Safe Apparatus and Associated Apparatus for Use in Class I, II, and III, Division 1, Hazardous (Classified) Locations
(3) ANSI/UL 60079-11, Explosive.Atmospheres - Part 11: Equip- ment Protection by Intrinsir Safety "i"
(4) ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electrical Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divisions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations
(5) ANSI/ISA RP 12.06.01, Recommended Practice for Wiring Methods for Hazardous (Classified ) Locations Instrumentation - Part 1: Intrinsic Safety
Control Room. An enclosed control space outside the hoist- way, intended for full bodily entry, that contains the elevator motor controller. The room could also contain electrical and/or mechanical equipment used directly in connection with the elevator or dumbwaiter but not the electric driving machine or the hydraulic machine. (620) (CMP-12)
Control Space. A space inside or outside the hoistway intended to be accessed with or without full bodily entry that contains the elevator motor controller. This space could also contain electrical and/or mechanical equipment used directly in connection with the elevator, dumbwaiter, escalator, moving walk, or platform lift, but not the electrical driving machine or the hydraulic machinc. (620) (CMP-12)
Control System. The overall system governing the starting, stopping, direction of motion, acceleration, speed, and retarda- tion of the moving member. (620) (CMP-12)
Controller. A device or group of devices that serves to govern, in some predetermined manner, the electric power delivered to the apparatus to which it is connected. (CMP-1)
Controller, Motion. (Motion Controller) The electrical device(s) for that part of the control system that governs the acceleration, speed, retardation, and stopping of the moving member. (620) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: The motor control function may be inte- gral to the motion controller.
Controller, Motor. (Motor Controller) Any switch or device that is normally used to start and stop a motor by making and breaking the motor circuit current. (CMP-11)
Controller, Operation. (Operation Controller) The electrical device(s) for that part of the control system that initiates the starting, stopping, and direction of motion in response to a signal from an operating device. (620) (CMP-12)
Converter, DC-to-DC. (DC-to-DC Converter) A device that can provide an output de voltage and current at a higher or lower valuc than the input de voltage and current. (CMP-4)
Converter Circuit, DC-to-DC. (DC-to-DC Converter Circuit) The de circuit conductors connected to the output of a dc-to- dc converter. (CMP-4)
Converting Device. That part of the heating equipment that converts input mechanical or electrical energy to the voltage, current, and frequency used for the heating applicator. A converting device consists of equipment using line frequency, all static multipliers, oscillator-type units using vacuum tubes, inverters using solid-state devices, or motor-generator cquip- ment. (665) (CMP-12)
Cooking Unit, Counter-Mounted. (Counter-Mounted Cooking Unit) A cooking appliance designed for mounting in or on a counter and consisting of one or more heating elements, inter- nal wiring, and built-in or mountable controls. (CMP-2)
70-34
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Coordination, Selective. (Selective Coordination) Localization of an overcurrent condition to restrict outages to the circuit or equipment affected, accomplished by the selection and installa- tion of overcurrent protective devices and their ratings or settings for the full range of available overcurrents, from over- load to the available fault current, and for the full range of overcurrent protective device opening times associated with those overcurrents. (CMP-10)
Cord, Flexible. (Flexible Cord) Two or more flexible insulated conductors enclosed in a flexible covering. (CMP-6)
Cord Connector. A contact device terminated to a flexible cord that accepts an attachment plug or other insertion device. (CMP-6)
Cord Connector [as applied to hazardous (classified) loca- tions]. A fitting intended to terminate a cord to a box or simi- lar device and reduce the strain at points of termination and might include an explosionproof, a dust-ignitionproof, or a flameproofscal. (CMP-14)
Cord Set. A length of flexible cord having an attachment plug at one end and a cord connector at the other end. (CMP-6)
Corrosive Environment. Arcas or enclosures without adequate ventilation, where electrical equipment is located and pool sanitation chemicals are stored, handled, or dispensed . (680) (CMP-17).
Informational Note No. 1: See Advisory: Swimming Pool Chemical: Chlorine, OSWER 90-008.1, June 1990, available from the EPA National Service Center for Environmental Publications (NSCEP) as sanitation chemicals and pool water are considered to pose a risk of corrosion (gradual damage or destruction of materials) due to the presence of oxidizers (e.g., calcium hypo- chlorite, sodium hypochlorite, bromine, chlorinated isocyanu- rates) and chlorinating agents that release chlorine when dissolved in water.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/APSP-11, Standard for Water Quality in Public Pools and Spas, ANSI/ASHRAE 62.1, Table 6-4 Minimum Exhaust Rates, and 2021 International Swimming Pool and Spa Code (ISPSC), Section 324, including associated defini- tions and requirements concerning adequate ventilation of indoor spaces such as equipment and chemical storage rooms, which can reduce the likelihood of the accumulation of corro- sive vapors. Chemicals such as chlorine cause severe corrosive and deteriorating effects on electrical connections, equipment, and enclosures when stored and kept in the same vicinity.
Counter (Countertop). A fixed or stationary surface typically intended for food preparation and serving, personal lavation, or laundering or a similar surface that presents a routine risk of spillage of larger quantities of liquids upon outlets mounted directly on or in the surface. (CMP-2)
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 498, Receptacles and Attachment Plugs, and UL 943, Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupters, which estab- lish the perfonnance evaluation criteria and construction crite- ria.
Informational Note No. 2: See 406.5(E), 406.5(G)(1), and 406.5(H) for infonnation on receptacles for counters and coun- tertops distinguished from receptacles for work surfaces.
Crane. A mechanical device used for lifting or moving boats. [303:3.3.6] (555) (CMP-7)
Critical Branch. A system of feeders and branch circuits supply- ing power for task illumination, fixed equipment, select recep- tacles, and select power circuits serving arcas and functions
related to patient care that are automatically connected to alternate power sources by one or more transfer switches during interruption of the normal power source. [99:3.3.30] (517) (CMP-15)
Critical Operations Areas, Designated (DCOA). (Designated Critical Operations Areas) Arcas within a facility or site desig- nated as requiring critical operations power. (CMP-13)
Critical Operations Data System. An information technology equipment system that requires continuous operation for reasons of public safety, emergency management, national security, or business continuity. (645) (CMP-12)
Critical Operations Power Systems (COPS). Power systems for facilities or parts of facilities that require continuous operation for the reasons of public safety, emergency management, national security, or business continuity. (CMP-13)
Cutout Box. An enclosure designed for surface mounting that has swinging doors or covers secured directly to and telescop- ing with the walls of the enclosure. (CMP-9)
Data Center, Modular (MDC). (Modular Data Center) Prefabri- cated units, rated 1000 volts or less, consisting of an outer enclosure housing multiple racks or cabinets of information technology equipment (ITE) (c.g., servers) and various support equipment, such as electrical service and distribution equipment, HVAC systems, and the like. (646) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: A typical construction may use a standard ISO shipping container or other structure as the outer enclo- sure, racks or cabinets of ITE, service-entrance equipment and power distribution components, power storage such as a UPS, and an air or liquid cooling system. Modular data centers are intended for fixed installation, either indoors or outdoors, based on their construction and resistance to environmental conditions. MDCs can be configured as an all-in-one system housed in a single equipment enclosure or as a system with the support equipment housed in separate equipment enclosures.
DC Plugging Box. A dc device consisting of one or more 2- polc, 2-wirc, nonpolarized, non-grounding-type receptacles intended to be used on de circuits only. (530) (CMP-15)
Dead-Front. Without live parts exposed to a person on the operating side of the equipment. (CMP-9)
Demand Factor. The ratio of the maximum demand of a system, or part of a system, to the total connected load of a system or the part of the system under consideration. (CMP-2)
Dental Office. A building or part thereof in which the follow- ing occur:
(1) Examinations and minor treatments/procedures performed under the continuous supervision of a dental professional;
(2) Use of limited to minimal sedation and treatment or procedures that do not render the patient incapable of self-preservation under emergency conditions; and
(3) No overnight stays for patients or 24-hour operations. [99:3.3.38] (CMP-15)
Device. A unit of an electrical system, other than a conductor, that carries or controls electric energy as its principal function. (CMP-1)
Dielectric Heating. Heating of a nominally insulating material due to its own dielectric losses when the material is placed in a varying electric field. (665) (CMP-12)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-35
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Disconnecting Means. A device, or group of devices, or other means by which the conductors of a circuit can be disconnec- ted from their source of supply. (CMP-1)
Distribution Point (Center Yard Pole) (Meter Pole). An electri- cal supply point from which service drops, service conductors, feeders, or branch circuits to buildings or structures utilized under single management are supplied. (547) (CMP-7)
Informational Note: The service point is typically located at the distribution point.
Diversion Controller (Diversion Charge Controller) (Diversion Load Controller). Equipment that regulates the output of a source or charging process by diverting power to direct-current or alternating-current loads or to an interconnected utility serv- icc. (CMP-13)
Diversion Load. A load connected to a diversion charge controller or diversion load controller, also known as a dump load. (CMP-4)
Docking Facility. A covered or open, fixed or floating structure that provides access to the water and to which boats arc secured. [303:3.3.7] (555) (CMP-7)
Dormitory Unit. A building or a space in a building in which group sleeping accommodations are provided for more than 16 persons who are not members of the same family in one room, or a series of closely associated rooms, under joint occu- pancy and single management, with or without meals, but with- out individual cooking facilities. (CMP 2)
Drop Box. A box containing pendant- or flush-mounted recep- tacles attached to a multiconductor cable via strain relief or a multipole connector. (520) (CMP-15)
Dust-Ignitionproof. Equipment enclosed in a manner that excludes dusts and does not permit arcs, sparks, or hcat other- wisc generated or liberated inside of the enclosure to cause ignition of exterior accumulations or atmospheric suspensions of a specified dust on or in the vicinity of the enclosure. (CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 1203, Explosion-Proof and Dust-Ignition-Proof Electrical Equipment for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information on dust- ignitionproof enclosures.
Informational Note No. 2: See NEMA 250, Enclosures for Electrical Equipment (1000 Volts Maximum), for additional information on dust-ignitionproof enclosures that are sometimes marked addi- tionally marked Type 9.
Dusttight. Enclosures constructed so that dust will not enter under specified test conditions. (CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electrical Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divisions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Lorations, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See NEMA 250, Enclosures for Electrical Equipment (1000 Volts Maximum), and ANSI/UL 50E, Enclosures for Electrical Equipment, Environmental Considerations, for addi- tional information on enclosure Types 3, 3X, 3S, 3SX, 4, 4X, 5, 6, 6P, 12, 12K, and 13 that are considered dusttight.
Duty, Continuous. (Continuous Duty) Operation at a substan- tially constant load for an indefinitely long time. (CMP-1)
Duty, Intermittent. (Intermittent Duty) Operation for alternate intervals of (1) load and no load; or (2) load and rest; or (3) load, no load, and rest. (CMP-1)
Duty, Periodic. (Periodic Duty) Intermittent operation in which the load conditions are regularly recurrent. (CMP-1)
Duty, Short-Time. (Short-Time Duty) Operation at a substan- tially constant load for a short and definite, specified time. (CMP-1)
Duty, Varying. (Varying Duty) Operation at loads, and for intervals of time, both of which may be subject to wide varia- tion. (CMP-1)
Dwelling, One-Family. (One-Family Dwelling) A building that consists solely of one dwelling unit. (CMP-1)
Dwelling, Two-Family. (Two-Family Dwelling) A building that consists solely of two dwelling units. (CMP-1)
Dwelling, Multifamily. (Multifamily Dwelling) A building that contains three or more dwelling units. (CMP-1)
Dwelling Unit. A single unit, providing complete and inde- pendent living facilities for one or more persons, including permanent provisions for living, sleeping, cooking, and sanita- tion. (CMP-2)
Electric-Discharge Lighting. Systems of illumination utilizing fluorescent lamps, high-intensity discharge (HID) lamps, or ncon tubing. (CMP-18)
Electric Power Production and Distribution Network. Power production, distribution, and utilization equipment and facili- ties, such as electric utility systems that are connected to prem- ises wiring and are external to and not controlled by a system that operates in interactive mode. (CMP-13)
Electric Sign. A fixed, stationary, or portable self-contained, electrically operated and/or electrically illuminated utilization equipment with words or symbols designed to convey informa- tion or attract attention. (CMP-18)
Electric Supply Stations. Locations containing the generating stations and substations, including their associated generator, storage battery, transformer, and switchgear arcas. (CMP-4)
Electric Vehicle (EV). An automotive-type vehicle for on-road usc, such as passenger automobiles, buses, trucks, vans, neigh- borhood electric vehicles, and electric motorcycles, primarily powered by an electric motor that draws current from a rechargeable storage battery, fuel cell, photovoltaic array, or other source of electric current. Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEV) are electric vehicles having a second source of motive power. (CMP-12)
Informational Note: Off-road, self-propelled electric mobile machines, such as industrial trucks, hoists, lifts, transports, golf carts, airline ground support equipment, tractors, and boats are not considered electric vehicles.
Electric Vehicle Connector. A device that, when electrically coupled (conductive or inductive) to an electric vehicle inlet, establishes an electrical connection to the electric vehicle for the purpose of power transfer and information exchange. (625) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: See 625.48 for further information on inter- active systems.
70-36
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Electric Vehicle Power Export Equipment (EVPE). The cquip- ment, including the outlet on the vehicle, that is used to provide electrical power at voltages greater than or equal to 30 Vac or 60 Vdc to loads external to the vehicle, using the vehicle as the source of supply. (625) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: Electric vehicle power export equipment and electric vehicle supply equipment or wireless power transfer equipment are sometimes contained in one piece of equipment, sometimes referred to as a bidirectional electric vehicle supply equipment (EVSE) or bidirectional wireless power transfer equipment (WPTE).
Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE). Equipment for plug-in charging, including the ungrounded, grounded, and equipment grounding conductors, and the electric vehicle connectors, attachment plugs, personnel protection system, and all other fittings, devices, power outlets, or apparatus installed specifically for the purpose of transferring energy between the premises wiring and the electric vehicle. (625) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: Electric vehicle power export equipment and electric vehicle supply equipment or wireless power transfer equipment (WPTE) are sometimes contained in one piece of equipment, sometimes referred to as a bidirectional EVSE or bidirectional WPTE.
Electrical Circuit Protective System. A system consisting of components and materials intended for installation as protec- tion for specific electrical wiring systems with respect to the disruption of electrical circuit integrity upon exterior fire expo- surc. (CMP-16)
Electrical Datum Plane. A specified vertical distance above the normal high-water level at which electrical equipment can be installed and electrical connections can be made. (CMP-7)
Electrical Ducts. Electrical conduits, or other raceways round in cross section, that are suitable for use underground or embedded in concrete. (CMP-6)
Electrical Life Support Equipment. Electrically powered equip- ment whose continuous operation is necessary to maintain a patient's life. [99:3.3.45] (517) (CMP-15)
Electrical Resistance Trace Heating ."60079-30-1". Typc of protection for the purpose of producing heat on the principle of electrical resistance and typically composed of one or more metallic conductors and/or an electrically conductive material, suitably electrically insulated and protected. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-30-1, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 30-1: Electrical Resistance Trare Heating - General and Testing Requirements, for additional information.
Electrically Connected. A connection capable of carrying current as distingmished from connection through electromag- netic induction. (668) (CMP-12)
Electrified Truck Parking Space. A truck parking space that has been provided with an electrical system that allows truck operators to connect their vehicles while stopped and to use off-board power sources in order to operate on-board systems such as air conditioning, heating, and appliances, without any engine idling. (626) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: An electrified truck parking space also includes dedicated parking areas for heavy-duty trucks at travel plazas, warehouses, shipper and consignee yards, depot facilities, and border crossings. It does not include areas such as the
shoulders of highway ramps and access roads, camping and recreational vehicle sites, residential and commercial parking areas used for automotive parking or other areas where ac power is provided solely for the purpose of connecting automo- tive and other light electrical loads, such as engine block heat- ers, and at private residences.
Electrified Truck Parking Space Wiring Systems. All of the electrical wiring, equipment, and appurtenances related to electrical installations within an electrified truck parking space, including the electrified parking space supply equipment. (626) (CMP-12)
Electrolyte. The medium that provides the ion transport mech- anism between the positive and negative electrodes of a cell. (CMP-13)
Electrolytic Cell. A tank or vat in which electrochemical reac- tions are caused by applying electric energy for the purpose of refining or producing usable materials. (668) (CMP-12)
Electrolytic Cell Line Working Zone. The space envelope wherein operation or maintenance is normally performed on or in the vicinity of exposed energized surfaces of electrolytic cell lines or their attachments. (668) (CMP-12)
Electronic Power Converter. A device that uses power electron- ics to convert one form of electrical power into another form of electrical power. (CMP-4)
Informational Note: Examples of electronic power converters include, but are not limited to, inverters, dc-to-dc converters, and electronic charge controllers. These devices have limited current capabilities based on the device ratings at continuous rated power.
Electronically Protected. A motor provided with electronic control that is an integral part of the motor and protects the motor against dangerous overheating due to failure of the elec- tronic control, overload, and failure to start. (430) (CMP-11)
Emergency Luminaire, Battery-Equipped. (Battery-Equipped Emergency Luminaire) A luminaire with a rechargeable battery, a battery charging means, and an automatic load control relay. (CMP-13)
Emergency Luminaire, Directly Controlled. (Directly Control- led Emergency Luminaire) A luminaire supplied by the facility emergency power system and with a control input for dimming or switching that provides an emergency illumination level upon loss of normal power. (700) (CMP-13)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 924, Emergency Lighting and Power Equipment, for information covering directly controlled emergency luminaires.
Emergency Power Supply (EPS). The source(s) of electric power of the required capacity and quality for an emergency power supply system (EPSS). (CMP-13)
Emergency Power Supply System (EPSS). A complete func- tioning EPS system coupled to a system of conductors, discon- necting means and overcurrent protective devices, transfer switches, and all control, supervisory, and support devices up to and including the load terminals of the transfer equipment needed for the system to operate as a safe and reliable source of electric power. [110:3.3.4] (CMP-13)
Emergency Systems. Those systems legally required and classed as emergency by municipal, state, federal, or other codes, or by any governmental agency having jurisdiction.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-37
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
These systems are intended to automatically supply illumina- tion, power, or both, to designated arcas and equipment in the event of failure of the normal supply or in the event of accident to clements of a system intended to supply, distribute, and control power and illumination essential for safety to human lifc. (CMP-13)
Encapsulation "m". Type of protection where electrical parts that could ignite an explosive atmosphere by either sparking or heating are enclosed in a compound in such a way that this explosive atmosphere cannot be ignited. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See NSI/CL 60079-18, Explosive atmos- pheres - Part 18: Equipment protection by encapsulation "m", for additional information.
Enclosed. Surrounded by a case, housing, fence, or wall(s) that prevents persons from accidentally contacting energized parts. (CMP-1)
Enclosed-Break. Having electrical make-or-break contacts such that, if an internal explosion of the flammable gas or vapor that can enter it occurs, the device will withstand the internal explo- sion without suffering damage and without communicating the internal explosion to the external flammable gas or vapor. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Enclosure. The case or housing of apparatus, or the fence or walls surrounding an installation to prevent personnel from accidentally contacting energized parts or to protect the cquip- ment from physical damage. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: See Table 110.28 for examples of enclosure types.
Energized. Electrically connected to, or is, a source of voltage. (CMP-1)
Energized, Likely to Become. (Likely to Become Energized) Conductive material that could become energized because of the failure of electrical insulation or electrical spacing. (CMP-5)
Energy Management System (EMS). A system consisting of any of the following: a monitor(s), communications equipment, a controller(s), a timer(s), or other device(s) that monitors and/or controls an electrical load or a power production or storage source. (CMP-13)
Energy Storage System (ESS). One or more devices installed as a system capable of storing energy and providing electrical energy into the premises wiring system or an electric power production and distribution network. (CMP-13)
Informational Note No. 1: An ESS(s) can include but is not limi- ted to batteries, capacitors, and kinetic energy devices (e.g., flywheels and compressed air). An ESS(s) can include inverters or converters to change voltage levels or to make a change between an ac or a dc system.
Informational Note No. 2: These systems differfrom a stationary standby battery installation where a battery spends the majority of the time on continuous float charge or in a high state of charge, in readiness for a discharge event.
Entertainment Device. A mechanical or electromechanical device that provides an entertainment experience. (522) (CMP-15)
Informational Note: These devices can include animated props, show action equipment, animated figures, and special effects, coordinated with audio and lighting to provide an entertain- ment experience.
Equipment. A general term, including fittings, devices, appli- ances, luminaires, apparatus, machinery, and the like used as a part of, or in connection with, an electrical installation. (CMP-1)
Equipment, Mobile. (Mobile Equipment) Equipment with elec- trical components that is suitable to be moved only with mechanical aids or is provided with wheels for movement by a person(s) or powered devices. (513) (CMP-14)
Equipment, Portable. (Portable Equipment) Equipment fed with portable cords or cables intended to be moved from one place to another. (640) (CMP-12)
Equipment, Portable. (Portable Equipment) Equipment with electrical components suitable to be moved by a single person without mechanical aids. (511) (CMP-14)
Equipment, Portable. (Portable Equipment) Equipment fed with portable cords or cables intended to be moved from one place to another. (520) (CMP-15)
Equipment, Portable. (Portable Equipment) Equipment inten- ded to be moved from one place to another. (530) (CMP-15)
Equipment, Signal. (Signal Equipment) Includes audible and visual equipment such as chimes, gongs, lights, and displays that convey information to the user. (620) (CMP-12)
Equipment Branch. A system of feeders and branch circuits arranged for delayed, automatic, or manual connection to the alternate power source and that serves primarily 3-phase power equipment. [99:3.3.50] (517) (CMP-15)
Equipment Protection Level (EPL). Level of protection assigned to equipment based on its likelihood of becoming a source of ignition, and distinguishing the differences between explosive gas atmospheres and explosive dust atmospheres. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-0, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 0: Equipment - General Requirements, for additional infor- mation.
Equipment Rack. A framework for the support, enclosure, or both, of equipment; can be portable or stationary. (640) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: See EIA/ECA 310-E-2005, Cabinets, Racks, Panels and Associated Equipment, for examples of equipment racks.
Equipotential Plane. Conductive parts bonded together to reduce voltage gradients in a designated arca. (682) (CMP-17)
Equipotential Plane. Conductive elements that are connected together to minimize voltage differences. (C.MP-7)
Essential Electrical System. A system comprised of alternate power sources and all connected distribution systems and ancil- lary equipment, designed to ensure continuity of electrical power to designated arcas and functions of a health care facility during disruption of normal power sources, and also to mini-
70-38
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
mize disruption within the internal wiring system. [99:3.3.52] (517) (CMP-15)
Explosionproof Equipment. Equipment enclosed in a case that is capable of withstanding an explosion of a specified gas or vapor that might occur within it, that is capable of preventing the ignition of a specified gas or vapor surrounding the enclo- sure by sparks, flashes, or explosion of the gas or vapor within, and that operates at such an external temperature that a surrounding flammable atmosphere will not be ignited. (CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 1203, Explosion-Proof and Dust-Ignition-Proof Electrical Equipment for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See NEMA 250, Enclosures for Electrical Equipment (1000 Volts Maximum), for additional information on explosionproof enclosures that are sometimes additionally marked Type 7.
Exposed (as applied to live parts). Capable of being inadver- tently touched or approached nearer than a safe distance by a person. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: This term applies to parts that are not suita- bly guarded, isolated, or insulated.
Exposed (as applied to wiring methods). On or attached to the surface or behind panels designed to allow access. (CMP-1)
Exposed (Optical Fiber Cable Exposed to Accidental Contact). A conductive optical fiber cable in such a position that, in case of failure of supports or insulation, contact between the cable's non-current-carrying conductive members and an electrical circuit might result. (CMP-16)
Exposed (to Accidental Contact). A circuit in such a position that, in case of failure of supports or insulation, contact with another circuit may result. (CMP-16)
Exposed Conductive Surfaces. Those surfaces that are capable of carrying electric current and that are unprotected, uninsula- ted, unenclosed, or unguarded, permitting personal contact. [99:3.3.54] (517) (CMP-15)
Informational Note: Paint, anodizing, and similar coatings are not considered suitable insulation, unless they are listed for such use.
Externally Operable. Capable of being operated without exposing the operator to contact with live parts. (CMP-1)
Facility, On-Site Power Production. (On-Site Power Production Facility) The normal supply of electric power for the site that is expected to be constantly producing power. (695) (CMP-13)
Fastened-in-Place. Mounting means of equipment in which the fastening means are specifically designed to permit removal without the use of a tool. (625) (CMP-12)
Fault-Managed Power (FMP). A powering system that monitors for faults and controls current delivered to ensure fault energy is limited. (726) (CMP-3)
Informational Note No. 1: The monitoring and control systems differentiate fault-managed power from electric light and power circuits; therefore, alternative requirements to those of Chapters 1 through 4 are given regarding minimum wire sizes, ampacity adjustment and correction factors, overcurrent protection, insu- lation requirements, and wiring methods and materials.
Informational Note No. 2: A fault-managed power circuit is also commonly referred to as a Class 4 circuit.
Fault Current. The current delivered at a point on the system during a short-circuit condition. (CMP-10)
Fault Current, Available. (Available Fault Current) The largest amount of current capable of being delivered at a point on the system during a short-circuit condition. (CMP-10)
Informational Note: A short-circuit can occur during abnonnal conditions such as a fault between circuit conductors or a ground fault. ee Infonnational Note Figure 100.1.
Fault Protection Device. An electronic device that is intended for the protection of personnel and functions under fault conditions, such as network-powered broadband communica- tions cable short or open circuit, to limit the current or voltage, or both, for a low-power network-powered broadband commu- nications circuit and provide acceptable protection from elec- tric shock. (830) (CMP-16)
Feeder. All circuit conductors between the service equipment, the source of a separately derived system, or other power supply source and the final branch-circuit overcurrent device. (CMP-10)
Feeder Assembly. The overhead or under-chassis feeder conductors, including the equipment grounding conductor, together with the necessary fittings and equipment; or the power-supply cord assembly for a mobile home, recreational vehicle, or park trailer, identified for the delivery of energy from the source of electrical supply to the panelboard within the mobile home, recreational vehicle, or park trailer. (CMP-7)
Festoon Lighting. A string of outdoor lights that is suspended between two points. (CMP-18)
Supply source: ac or dc
Source
Available fault current
Available fault current
Equipment
Equipment with a short-circuit-> current rating
OCPD
Overcurrent protective device with an interrupting rating
Available fault current -
Load
Informational Note Figure 100.1 Available Fault Current.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-39
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Fibers/Flyings, Combustible. (Combustible Fibers/Flyings) Fibers/flyings, where any dimension is greater than 500 um in nominal size, which can form an explosible mixture when suspended in air at standard atmospheric pressure and temper- aturc. [499:3.3.4.1] (CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: This definition and Infonnational Notes No. 2 and No. 3 have been extracted from NFPA 499-2021, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Combustible Dusts and of Hazardous (Classified) Lorations for Electri- cal Installations in Chemical Process Areas. The NFPA 499 reference is in brackets. Only editorial changes were made to the extrac- ted text to make it consistent with this Code.
Informational Note No. 2 Section 500.5(D) defines a Class III location. Combustible fibers/flyings can be similar in physical form to ignitible fibers/flyings and protected using the same electrical equipment installation methods. Examples of fibers/ flyings include flat platelet-shaped particulate, such as metal flake, and fibrous particulate, such as particle board core mate- rial. If the smallest dimension of a combustible material is greater than 500 um, it is unlikely that the material would be combustible fibers/flyings, as determined by test. Finely divided solids with lengths that are large compared to their diameter or thickness usually do not pass through a 500 jun sieve, yet when tested could potentially be detennined to be explosible. [499:A.3.3.4.1]
Informational Note No. 3: See ASTM E1226, Standard Test Method for Explosibility of Dust Clouds, ISO 6184-1, Explosion proter- tion systems - Part 1: Determination of explosion indices of combustible dusts in air, or ISO/IEC/UL 80079-20-2, Explosive atmospheres - Part 20-2: Material characteristics - Combustible dusts test methods, for procedures for determining the explosibility of dusts. A material that is found to not present an explosible mixture could still be an ignitible fiber/flying, as defined in this article. Historically, the explosibility condition has been described as presenting a flash fire or explosion hazard. It could be under- stood that the potential hazard due to the formation of an explosible mixture when suspended in air at standard atmos- pheric pressure and temperature would include ignition. [499:A.3.3.4.1]
Fibers/Flyings, Ignitible. (Ignitible Fibers/Flyings) Fibers/ flyings where any dimension is greater than 500 um in nominal size, which are not likely to be in suspension in quantities to produce an explosible mixture, but could produce an ignitible layer fire hazard. [499:3.3.4.2] (C.MP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: This definition and Infonnational Note No. 2 have been extracted from NFPA 499-2021, Recomummen- ded Practice for the Classification of Combustible Dusts and of Hazard- ous (Classified) Lorations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process Areas. The NFPA 499 reference is in brackets. Only edito- rial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consis- tent with this Code.
Informational Note No. 2: Section 500.5 of this Code prescribes a Class III location as one where ignitible fibers/flyings are present, but not likely to be in suspension in the air in quantities sufficient to produce ignitible mixtures. This description addresses fibers/flyings that do not present a flash-fire hazard or explosion hazard by test. This could be because those fibers/ flyings are too large or too agglomerated to be suspended in air in sufficient concentration, or at all, under typical test condi- tions. Alternatively, this could be because they burn so slowly that, when suspended in air, they do not propagate combustion at any concentration. In this document the zone classification system includes ignitible fibers/flyings as a fire hazard in a layer, which is not addressed in the IEC zone system (see IEC 60079-10-2, Explosive atmospheres - Part 10-2: Classification of areas - Explosive dust atmospheres). Where these are present, the user
could also consider installation in accordance with Article 503 of this Code. [499:A.3.3.4.2]
Field Evaluation Body (FEB). An organization or part of an organization that performs field cvaluations of electrical or other equipment. [790:3.3.4] (CMP-1)
Informational Note: See NFPA 790-2021, Standard for Competency of Third-Party Field Evaluation Bodies, provides guidelines for establishing the qualification and competency of a body performing field evaluations of electrical products and assem- bles with electrical components.
Field Labeled (as applied to evaluated products). Equipment or materials to which has been attached a label, symbol, or other identifying mark of an FEB indicating the equipment or materials were evaluated and found to comply with require- ments as described in an accompanying field evaluation report. [790:3.3.6] (CMP-1)
Fire Alarm Circuit. The portion of the wiring system between the load side of the overcurrent device or the power-limited supply and the connected equipment of all circuits powered and controlled by the fire alarm system. Fire alarm circuits are classified as cither non-power-limited or power-limited. (CMP-3)
Fire Alarm Circuit, Non-Power-Limited (NPLFA). (Non-Power- Limited Fire Alarm Circuit) A fire alarm circuit powered by a source that is not power limited. (CMP-3)
Informational Note: See 760.41 and 760.43 for requirements for non-power-limited fire alarm circuits.
Fire Alarm Circuit, Power-Limited (PLFA). (Power-Limited Fire Alarm Circuit) A fire alarm circuit powered by a power-limited source . (CMP-3)
Informational Note: See 760.121 for requirements on power- limited fire alarn circuits.
Fitting. An accessory such as a locknut, bushing, or other part of a wiring system that is intended primarily to perform a mechanical rather than an electrical function. (CMP-1)
Fixed (as applied to equipment). Equipment that is fastened or otherwise secured at a specific location. (680) (CMP-17)
Fixed-in-Place. Mounting means of equipment using fasteners that require a tool for removal. (625) (CMP-12)
Flameproof "d". Type of protection where the enclosure will withstand an internal explosion of a flammable mixture that has penetrated into the interior, without suffering damage and without causing ignition, through any joints or structural open- ings in the enclosure of an external explosive gas atmosphere consisting of one or more of the gases or vapors for which it is designed. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-1, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 1: Equipment Protection by Flameproof Endosures "d", for additional information.
Flammable Anesthetics. Gases or vapors, such as fluroxenc, cyclopropane, divinyl cther, cthyl chloride, ethyl ether, and cthylene, that could form flammable or explosive mixtures with air, oxygen, or reducing gases such as nitrous oxide. (517) (CMP-15)
Flexible Bus Systems. An assembly of flexible insulated bus, with a system of associated fittings used to secure, support, and terminate the bus. (CMP-8)
70-40
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
CHAPTER 1
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
Informational Note: Flexible bus systems are engineered systems for a specific site location and are ordinarily assembled at the point of installation from the components furnished or speci- fied by the manufacturer.
Flexible Insulated Bus. A flexible rectangular conductor with an overall insulation. (CMP-8)
Flywheel ESS (FESS). A mechanical ESS composed of a spin- ning mass referred to as a rotor and an energy conversion mechanism such as a motor-generator that converts the mechanical energy to electrical energy. (706) (CMP-13)
Informational Note: There are primarily two types of rotor constructions, solid metal mass design and composite fiber design.
Footlight. A border light installed on or in the stage. (520) (CMP-15)
Forming Shell. A structure designed to support a wet-niche luminaire assembly and intended for mounting in a pool or fountain structurc. (680) (CMP-17)
Fountain. An ornamental structure or recreational water feature from which one or more jets or streams of water arc discharged into the air, including splash pads, ornamental pools, display pools, and reflection pools. The definition docs not include drinking water fountains or water coolers. (680) (CMP-17)
Frame. Chassis rail and any welded addition thereto of metal thickness of 1.35 mm (0.053 in.) or greater. (551) (CMP-7)
Free Air (as applied to conductors). Open or ventilated envi- ronment that allows for heat dissipation and air flow around an installed conductor. (CMP-6)
Fuel Cell. An electrochemical system that consumes fuel to produce an electric current. In such cells, the main chemical reaction used for producing electric power is not combustion. However, there may be sources of combustion used within the overall cell system, such as reformers/fuel processors. (CMP-4)
Fuel Cell System. The complete aggregate of equipment used to convert chemical fuel into usable electricity and typically consisting of a reformer, stack, power inverter, and auxiliary equipment. (CMP-4)
Fuse. An overcurrent protective device with a circuit-opening fusible part that is heated and severed by the passage of over- current through it. (CMP-10)
Informational Note: A fuse comprises all the parts that fonn a unit capable of perfonning the prescribed functions. It may or may not be the complete device necessary to connect it into an electrical circuit.
Fuse, Electronically Actuated. (Electronically Actuated Fuse) An overcurrent protective device that generally consists of a control module that provides current-sensing, electronically derived time-current characteristics, energy to initiate tripping, and an interrupting module that interrupts current when an overcurrent occurs. Such fuses may or may not operate in a current-limiting fashion, depending on the type of control selected. (CMP-10)
Fuse, Expulsion. (Expulsion Fuse) A vented fuse unit in which the expulsion effect of gases produced by the arc and lining of the fuscholder, cither alone or aided by a spring, extinguishes the arc. (CMP-10)
Fuse, Nonvented Power. (Nonvented Power Fuse) A fuse with- out intentional provision for the escape of arc gases, liquids, or solid particles to the atmosphere during circuit interruption. (CMP-10)
Fuse, Power. (Power Fuse) A vented, nonvented, or controlled vented fuse unit in which the arc is extinguished by being drawn through solid material, granular material, or liquid, cither alone or aided by a spring. (CMP-10)
Fuse, Vented Power. (Vented Power Fuse) A fusc with provi- sion for the escape of arc gases, liquids, or solid particles to the surrounding atmosphere during circuit interruption. (CMP-10)
Garage. A building or portion of a building in which one or more self-propelled vehicles can be kept for use, sale, storage, rental, repair, exhibition, or demonstration purposes. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: See 511.1 for commercial garages, repair and storage.
Garage, Major Repair. (Major Repair Garage) A building or portions of a building where major repairs, such as engine overhauls, painting, body and fender work, welding or grind- ing, and repairs that require draining or emptying of the motor vehicle fuel tank are performed on motor vehicles, including associated floor space used for offices, parking, or showrooms. [30A:3.3.12.1] (CMP-14)
Garage, Minor Repair. (Minor Repair Garage) A building or portions of a building used for lubrication, inspection, and minor automotive maintenance work, such as engine tune-ups, replacement of parts, fluid changes (c.g., oil, antifreeze, trans- mission fluid, brake fluid, air-conditioning refrigerants), brake system repairs, tire rotation, and similar routine maintenance work, including the associated floor space used for offices, parking, or showrooms. [30A:3.3.12.2] (CMP-14)
General-Purpose Cables, Cable Routing Assemblies, and Race- ways. Cables, cable routing assemblies, and raceways are suita- ble for general-purpose applications and are resistant to the spread of fire. (722) (CMP-3)
Generating Capacity, Inverter. (Inverter Generating Capacity) The sum of parallel-connected inverter maximum continuous output power at 40 in watts, kilowatts, volt-amperes, or kilovolt-amperes. (CMP-4)
Generating Station. A plant wherein electric energy is produced by conversion from some other form of energy (c.g., chemical, nuclear, solar, wind, mechanical, or hydraulic) by means of suitable apparatus. (CMP-4)
Generator (Generator Set). A machine that converts mechani- cal energy into electrical energy by means of a prime mover and alternator and/or inverter. (CMP-13)
Generator, On-Site Standby. (On-Site Standby Generator) A facility producing electric power on site as the alternate supply of electric power. It differs from an on-site power production facility in that it is not constantly producing power. (695) (CMP-13)
Grid Bus Rail. A combination of the busbar, the busbar support, and the structural suspended ceiling grid system. (393) (CMP-18)
Ground. The carth. (CMP-5)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-41
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Ground Fault. An unintentional, electrically conductive connection between an ungrounded conductor of an electrical circuit and the normally non-current-carrying conductors, metal enclosures, metal raceways, metal equipment, or carth. (CMP-5)
Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI). A device intended for the protection of personnel that functions to de-energize a circuit or portion thereof within an established period of time when a ground-fault current exceeds the values established for a Class A device. (CMP-2)
Informational Note: See U'L 943, Standard for Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupters, for further information. Class A ground-fault circuit interrupters trip when the ground-fault current is 6 mA or higher and do not trip when the ground-fault current is less than 4 mA.
Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupter, Special Purpose (SPGFCI). (Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupter) A device intended for the detection of ground-fault currents, used in circuits with voltage to ground greater than 150 volts, that func- tions to de-energize a circuit or portion of a circuit within an established period of time when a ground-fault current exceeds the values established for Class C, D, or E devices. (CMP-2)
Informational Note: See UL 943C, Outline of Investigation for Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupters, for information on Classes C, D, or E special purpose ground-fault circuit inter- rupters.
Ground-Fault Current Path. An electrically conductive path from the point of a ground fault on a wiring system through normally non-current-carrying conductors, grounded conduc- tors, equipment, or the carth to the electrical supply source. (CMP-5)
Informational Note: Examples of ground-fault current paths are any combination of equipment grounding conductors, metallic raceways, metallic cable sheaths, electrical equipment, and any other elecuically conductive material such as metal, water, and gas piping; steel framing members; stucco mesh; metal ducting; reinforcing steel; shields of communications cables; grounded conductors; and the earth itself.
Ground-Fault Current Path, Effective. (Effective Ground-Fault Current Path) An intentionally constructed, low-impedance electrically conductive path designed 'and intended to carry current during ground-fault events from the point of a ground fault on a wiring system to the electrical supply source and that facilitates the operation of the overcurrent protective device or ground-fault detectors. (CMP-5)
Ground-Fault Detector-Interrupter, dc (GFDI). A device that provides protection for PV system de circuits by detecting a ground fault and could interrupt the fault path in the dc circuit. (690) (CMP-4)
Informational Note: See UL 1741, Standard for Inverters, Convert- ers, Controllers and Interconnection System Equipment for Use with Distributed Energy Resources, and UL. 62109, Standard for Power Converters for use in Photovoltaic Power Systems, for further informa- tion on GFDI equipment.
Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment (GFPE). A system intended to provide protection of equipment from damaging line-to-ground fault currents by operating to cause a discon- necting means to open all ungrounded conductors of the faul- ted circuit. This protection is provided at current levels less than those required to protect conductors from damage
through the operation of a supply circuit overcurrent device. (CMP-5)
Grounded (Grounding). Connected (connecting) to ground or to a conductive body that extends the ground connection. (CMP-5)
Grounded, Functionally. (Functionally Grounded) A system that has an electrical ground reference for operational purpo- ses that is not solidly grounded. (CMP-4)
Informational Note: A functionally grounded system is often connected to ground through an electronic means internal to an inverter or charge controller that provides ground-fault protection. Examples of operational purposes for functionally grounded systems include ground-fault detection and performance-related issues for some power sources.
Grounded, Solidly. (Solidly Grounded) Connected to ground without inserting any resistor or impedance device. (CMP-5)
Grounded Conductor. A system or circuit conductor that is intentionally grounded. (CMP-5)
Informational Note: Although an equipment grounding conductor is grounded, it is not considered a grounded conduc- tor.
Grounded System, Impedance. (Impedance Grounded System) An electrical system that is grounded by intentionally connecting the system neutral point to ground through an impedance device. (CMP-5)
Grounding Conductor, Equipment (EGC). (Equipment Grounding Conductor) A conductive path(s) that is part of an effective ground-fault current path and connects normally non- current-carrying metal parts of equipment together and to the system grounded conductor or to the grounding electrode conductor, or both. (CMP-5)
Informational Note No. 1: It is recognized that the equipment grounding conductor also performs bonding.
Informational Note No. 2: See 250.118 for a list of acceptable equipment grounding conductors.
Grounding Conductor, Impedance. (Impedance Grounding Conductor) A conductor that connects the system neutral point to the impedance device in an impedance grounded system. (CMP-5)
Grounding Electrode. A conducting object through which a direct connection to carth is established. (CMP-5)
Grounding Electrode Conductor (GEC). A conductor used to connect the system grounded conductor or the equipment to a grounding electrode or to a point on the grounding electrode system. (CMP-5)
Grouped. Cables or conductors positioned adjacent to one another but not in continuous contact with cach other. (520) (CMP-15)
Guarded. Covered, shielded, fenced, enclosed, or otherwise protected by means of suitable covers, casings, barriers, rails, screens, mats, or platforms to remove the likelihood of approach or contact by persons or objects to a point of danger. (CMP-1)
Guest Room. An accommodation combining living, sleeping, sanitary, and storage facilities within a compartment. (CMP-2)
70-42
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Guest Suite. An accommodation with two or more contiguous rooms comprising a compartment, with or without doors between such rooms, that provides living, sleeping, sanitary, and storage facilities. (CMP-2)
Gutter, Metal Auxiliary. (Metal Auxiliary Gutter) A sheet metal enclosure used to supplement wiring spaces at meter centers, distribution centers, switchgear, switchboards, and similar points of wiring systems. The enclosure has hinged or remova- ble covers for housing and protecting electrical wires, cable, and busbars. The enclosure is designed for conductors to be laid or set in place after the enclosures have been installed as a complete system. (CMP-8)
Gutter, Nonmetallic Auxiliary. (Nonmetallic Auxiliary Gutter) A flame-retardant, nonmetallic enclosure used to supplement wiring spaces at meter centers, distribution centers, switchgear, switchboard.s, and similar points of wiring systems. The enclo- sure has hinged or removable covers for housing and protect- ing electrical wires, cable, and busbars. The enclosure is designed for conductors to be laid or set in place after the enclosures have been installed as a complete system. (CMP-8)
Habitable Room. A room in a building for living, sleeping, cating, or cooking, but excluding bathrooms, toilet rooms, clos- cts, hallways, storage or utility spaces, and similar arcas. (CMP-2)
Handhole Enclosure. An enclosure for use in underground systems, provided with an open or closed bottom, and sized to allow personnel to reach into, but not enter, for the purpose of installing, operating, or maintaining equipment or wiring or both. (CMP-9)
Hazard Current. For a given set of connections in an isolated power system, the total current that would flow through a low impedance if it were connected between cither isolated conductor and ground. [99:3.3.72] (517) (CMP-15)
IIazard Current, Fault. (Fault IIazard Current) The hazard current of a given isolated power system with all devices connected except the line isolation monitor. [99:3.3.72.1] (517) (CMP-15)
Monitor Hazard Current. The hazard current of the line isola- tion monitor alone. [99:3.3.72.2] (517) (CMP-15)
Total Hazard Current. The hazard current of a given isolated system with all devices, including the line isolation monitor, connected. [99:3.3.72.3] (517) (CMP-15)
Header. Transverse metal raceways for electrical conductors, providing access to predetermined cells of a precast cellular concrete floor, thereby permitting the installation of electrical conductors from a distribution center to the floor cells. (CMP-8)
Health Care Facilities. Buildings, portions of buildings, or mobile enclosures in which human medical, dental, psychiatric, nursing, obstetrical, or surgical care is provided. [99:3.3.73] (CMP-15)
Informational Note: Examples of health care facilities include, but are not limited to, hospitals, nursing homes, limited care facilities, clinics, medical and dental offices, and ambulatory care centers, whether permanent or movable.
Health Care Facility's Governing Body. The person or persons who have the overall legal responsibility for the operation of a health care facility. [99:3.3.74] (517) (CMP-15)
Heating Equipment. Any equipment that is used for heating purposes and whose heat is generated by induction or dielec- tric methods. (665) (CMP-12)
Heating Panel. A complete assembly provided with a junction box or a length of flexible conduit for connection to a branch circuit. (CMP-17)
Heating Panel Set. A rigid or nonrigid assembly provided with non heating leads or a terminal junction assembly identified as being suitable for connection to a wiring system. (CMP-17)
Heating System. A complete system consisting of components such as heating clements, fastening devices, nonheating circuit wiring, leads, temperature controllers, safety signs, junction boxes, raceways, and fittings. (426) (CMP-17)
Heating System, Impedance. (Impedance Heating System) A system in which heat is generated in an object, such as a pipe, rod, or combination of such objects serving as a heating clement, by causing current to flow through such objects by direct connection to an ac voltage source from an isolating transformer. In some, installations the object is embedded in the surface to be heated or constitutes the exposed component to be heated. (CMP-17)
Heating System, Induction. (Induction Heating System) A system in which heat is generated in a pipeline or vessel wall by inducing current in the pipeline or vessel wall from an external isolated ac field source. (CMP-17)
Heating System, Skin Effect. (Skin-Effect Heating System) A system in which heat is generated on the inner surface of a ferromagnetic envelope embedded in or fastened to the surface to be heated.
Informational Note: Typically, an electrically insulated conduc- tor is routed through and connected to the envelope at the other end. The envelope and the electrically insulated conduc- tor are connected to an ac voltage source from an isolating transformer. (CMP-17)
Hermetic Refrigerant Motor-Compressor. A combination consisting of a compressor and motor, both of which are enclosed in the same housing, with no external shaft or shaft scals, with the motor operating in the refrigerant. (CMP-11)
Hoistway. Any shaftway, hatchway, well hole, or other vertical opening or space in which an elevator or dumbwaiter is designed to operate. (CMP-12)
Hospital. A building or portion thereof used on a 24-hour basis for the medical, psychiatric, obstetrical, or surgical care of four or more inpatients. [101:3.3.152] (CMP-15)
Host Sign. A sign or outline lighting system already installed in the field that is designated for field conversion of the illumina- tion system with a retrofit kit. (600) (CMP-18)
Hydromassage Bathtub. A permanently installed bathtub cquipped with a recirculating piping system, pump, and associ- ated equipment. It is designed so it can accept, circulate, and discharge water upon cach usc. (680) (CMP-17)
Identified (as applied to equipment). Recognizable as suitable for the specific purpose, function, use, environment, applica- tion, and so forth, where described in a particular Code require- ment. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Some examples of ways to determine suita- bility of equipment for a specific purpose, environment, or
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-43
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
application include investigations by a qualified testing labora- tory (listing and labeling), an inspection agency, or other organ- izations concerned with product evaluation.
In Sight From (Within Sight From) (Within Sight). Equipment that is visible and not more than 15 m (50 ft) distant from other equipment is in sight from that other equipment. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: See 110.29 for additional information.
Increased Safety "e". Type of protection applied to electrical equipment that does not produce arcs or sparks in normal serv- ice and under specified abnormal conditions, in which addi- tional measures are applied to give increased security against the possibility of excessive temperatures and of the occurrence of arcs and sparks. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-7, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 7: Equipment Protection by Increased Safety "e", for additional information.
Induction Heating (Induction Melting) (Induction Welding). The heating, melting, or welding of a nominally conductive material due to its own 12R losses when the material is placed in a varying electromagnetic field. (665) (CMP-12)
Industrial Control Panel. An assembly of two or more compo- nents consisting of one of the following: (1) power circuit components only, such as motor controllers, overload relays, fused disconnect switches, and circuit breakers; (2) control circuit components only, such as push buttons, pilot lights, selector switches, timers, switches, and control relays; (3) a combination of power and control circuit components. These components, with associatol wiring and terminals, arc moun- ted on, or contained within, an enclosure or mounted on a subpancl. (CMP-11)
Informational Note: The industrial control panel does not include the controlled equipment.
Industrial Installation, Supervised. (Supervised Industrial Installation) The industrial portions of a facility where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Conditions of maintenance and engineering supervision ensure that only qualified persons monitor and service the system.
(2) The premises wiring system has 2500 kVA or greater of load used in industrial process(es), manufacturing activi- tics, or both, as calculated in accordance with Article 220.
(3) The premises has at least one 'service or feeder that is more than 150 volts to ground and more than 300 volts phasc-to-phasc.
This definition excludes installations in buildings used by the industrial facility for offices, warchouses, garages, machine shops, and recreational facilities that are not an integral part of the industrial plant, substation, or control center. (240) (CMP-10)
Information Technology Equipment (ITE). Equipment and systems rated 1000 volts or less, normally found in offices or other business establishments and similar environments classi- ficd as ordinary locations, that are used for creation and manipulation of data, voice, video, and similar signals that arc not communications equipment and do not process communi- cations circuits. (CMP-12)
Informational Note: See UL 60950-1, Information Technology Equipment - Safety - Part 1: General Requirements, or UL 62368-1, Audio/Video Information and Communication Technology Equipment
Part 1: Safety Requirements, for information on listing require- ments for both infonnation technology equipment and commu- nications equipment.
Information Technology Equipment Room. A room within the information technology equipment arca that contains the information technology equipment. [75:3.3.15] (CMP-12)
Innerduct. A nonmetallic raceway placed within a larger race- way. (CMP-16)
Insulated Bus Pipe (IBP). A cylindrical solid or hollow conduc- tor with a solid insulation system, having conductive grading layers and a grounding layer imbedded in the insulation, and provided with an overall covering of insulating or metallic material. IBP is also referred to as tubular covered conductor (TCC). (CMP-8)
Insulated Bus Pipe System. An assembly that includes bus pipc, connectors, fittings, mounting structures, and other fittings and accessories. (CMP-8)
Insulating End. An insulator designed to electrically insulate the end of a flat conductor cable (Type FCC). (324) (CMP-6)
Interactive Mode. The operating mode for power production equipment or microgrids that operate in parallel with and arc capable of delivering energy to an electric power production and distribution network or other primary source. (CMP-4)
Informational Note: Interactive mode is an operational mode of both interactive systems and of equipment such as interactive inverters.
Interrupting Rating. The highest current at rated voltage that a device is identified to interrupt under standard test condi- tions. (CMP-10)
Informational Note: Equipment intended to interrupt current at other than fault levels may have its interrupting rating implied in other ratings, such as horsepower or locked rotor current.
Intersystem Bonding Termination (IBT). A device that provides a means for connecting intersystem bonding conduc- tors for communications systems to the grounding electrode system. (CMP-16)
Intrinsic Safety "i". Type of protection where any spark or thermal effect is incapable of causing ignition of a mixture of flammable or combustible material in air under prescribed test conditions. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 913, Intrinsically Safe Appara- tus and Associated Apparatus for Use in Class I, II, and III, Division 1, Hazardous (Classified) Locations; and ANSI/CL 60079-11, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 11: Equipment Protection by Intrinsic Safety "i", for additional information.
Intrinsically Safe Apparatus. Apparatus in which all the circuits arc intrinsically safc. (CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 913, Intrinsically Safe Apparatus and Associated Apparatus for Use in Class I, II, and III, Division 1, Hazardous (Classified) Locations, and ANSI/ UL 60079-11, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 11: Equipment Protection by Intrinsir Safety "i", for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/ISA RP 12.06.01, Recommen- ded Practice for Wiring Methods for Hazardous (Classified) Locations Instrumentation - Part 1: Intrinsic Safety, for installation informa- tion.
70-44
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Intrinsically Safe Circuit. A circuit in which any spark or ther- mal effect is incapable of causing ignition of a mixture of flam- mable or combustible material in air under prescribed test conditions. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 913, Intrinsically Safe Appara- tus and Associated Apparatus for Use in Class I, II, and III, Division 1, Hazardous (Classified) Locations, and ANSI/U'L 60079-11, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 11: Equipment Protection by Intrinsic Safety "i", for test conditions.
Intrinsically Safe Circuits, Different. (Different Intrinsically Safe Circuits) Intrinsically safe circuits in which the possible interconnections have not been evaluated and identified as intrinsically safc. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 913, Intrinsically Safe Appara- tus and Associated Apparatus for Use in Class I, II, and III, Division 1, Hazardous (Classified) Locations, and ANSI/UL 60079-11, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 11: Equipment Protection by Intrinsic Safety "i", for additional information.
Intrinsically Safe System. An assembly of interconnected intrinsically safe apparatus, associated apparatus, and intercon- necting cables, in which those parts of the system that might be used in hazardous (classified) locations are intrinsically safc circuits. (CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: An intrinsically safe system might include more than one intrinsically safe circuit.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 913, Intrinsically Safe Apparatus and Associated Apparatus for Use in Class I, II, and III, Division 1, Hazardous (Classified) Locations; ANSI/UL 60079-11, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 11: Equipment Protection by Intrinsic Safety "i"; and ANSI/UL 60079-25, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 25: Intrinsically Safe Electrical Systems, for additional informa- tion.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/ISA RP 12.06.01, Recommen- ded Practice for Wiring Methods for Hazardous (Classified) Locations Instrumentation - Part 1: Intrinsic Safety, for installation informa- tion.
Invasive Procedure. Any procedure that penetrates the protec- tive surfaces of a patient's body (i.c., skin, mucous membrane, cornca) and that is performed with an aseptic field (procedural site). [Not included in this category are placement of periph- cral intravenous needles or catheters used to administer fluids and/or medications, gastrointestinal endoscopics (i.c., sigmoi- doscopies), insertion of urethral catheters, and other similar procedures.] [99:3.3.91] (517) (CMP-15)
Inverter. Equipment that changes de to ac. (CMP-4)
Inverter, Interactive. (Interactive Inverter) Inverter equipment having the capability to operate only in interactive mode. (CMP-13)
Inverter, Multimode. (Multimode Inverter) Inverter equip- ment capable of operating in both interactive and island modes. (CMP-4)
Inverter, Stand-alone. (Stand-alone Inverter) Inverter equip- ment having the capabilities to operate only in island mode. (CMP-4)
Inverter Input Circuit. Conductors connected to the de input of an inverter. (CMP-13)
Inverter Output Circuit. Conductors connected to the ac output of an inverter. (CMP-13)
Inverter Utilization Output Circuit. Conductors between the multimode or stand-alone inverter and utilization equipment. (706) (CMP-13)
Irrigation Machine. An electrically driven or controlled machine, with one or more motors, not hand-portable, and used primarily to transport and distribute water for agricultural purposes. (675) (CMP-7)
Irrigation Machine, Center Pivot. (Center Pivot Irrigation Machine) A multimotored irrigation machine that revolves around a central pivot and employs alignment switches or simi- lar devices to control individual motors. (675) (CMP-7)
Island Mode. The operating mode for power production equipment or microgrids that allows energy to be supplied to loads that are disconnected from an electric power production and distribution network or other primary power source. (CMP-4)
Isolated (as applied to location). Not readily accessible to persons unless special means for access are used. (CMP-1)
Isolated Power System. A system comprising an isolation trans- former or its equivalent, a line isolation monitor, and its ungrounded circuit conductors. [99:3.3.93] (517) (CMP-15)
Isolation Transformer. A transformer of the multiple-winding type, with the primary and secondary windings physically scpa- rated, that inductively couples its ungrounded secondary wind- ing to the grounded feeder system that energizes its primary winding. [99:3.3.94] (517) (CMP-15)
Kitchen. An arca with a sink and permanent provisions for food preparation and cooking. (CMP-2)
Labeled. Equipment or materials to which has been attached a label, symbol, or other identifying mark of an organization that is acceptable to the authority having jurisdiction and concerned with product cvaluation, that maintains periodic inspection of production of labeled equipment or materials, and by whose labeling the manufacturer indicates compliance with appropriate standards or performance in a specified manner. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: If a listed product is of such a size, shape, material, or surface texture that it is not possible to apply legibly the complete label to the product, the complete label may appear on the smallest unit container in which the product is packaged.
Laundry Area. An arca containing or designed to contain a laundry tray, clothes washer, or clothes dryer. (CMP-2)
Leakage-Current Detector-Interrupter (LCDI). A device provi- ded in a power supply cord or cord set that senses leakage current flowing between or from the cord conductors and interrupts the circuit at a predetermined level of leakage current. (440) (CMP-11)
LED Sign Illumination System. A complete lighting system for usc in signs and outline lighting consisting of light-emitting diode (LED) light sources, power supplies, wire, and connec- tors to complete the installation. (600) (CMP-18)
Legally Required Standby Systems. Those systems required and so classed as legally required standby by municipal, state, federal, or other codes or by any governmental agency having jurisdiction. These systems are intended to automatically supply
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-45
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
power to selected loads (other than those classed as emergency systems) in the event of failure of the normal source. (CMP-13)
Life Safety Branch. A system of feeders and branch circuits supplying power for lighting, receptacles, and equipment essential for life safety that is automatically connected to alter- nate power sources by one or more transfer switches during interruption of the normal power source. [99:3.3.97] (517) (CMP-15)
Lighting Assembly, Cord-and-Plug-Connected. (Cord-and-Plug- Connected Lighting Assembly) A lighting assembly consisting of a luminaire intended for installation in the wall of a spa, hot tub, or storable pool, and a cord-and-plug-connected trans- former or power supply. (680) (CMP-17)
Lighting Assembly, Through-Wall. (Through-Wall Lighting Assembly) A lighting assemblyintended for installation above grade, on or through the wall of a pool, consisting of two inter- connected groups of components separated by the pool wall. (680) (CMP-17)
Lighting Outlet. An outlet intended for the direct connection of a lampholder or luminaire. (CMP-18)
Lighting Track. (Track Lighting) A manufactured assembly designed to support and energize luminaires that are capable of being readily repositioned on the track. Its length can be altered by the addition or subtraction of sections of track. (CMP-18)
Limited Care Facility. A building or portion of a building used on a 24-hour basis for the housing of four or more persons who arc incapable of self-preservation because of age; physical limi- tation due to accident or illness; or limitations such as intellec- tual disability/developmental disability, mental illness, or chemical dependency. [101:3.3.93.2] (CMP-15)
Limited Finishing Workstation. A power-ventilated apparatus that is capable of confining the vapors, mists, residues, dusts, or deposits that are generated by a limited spray application proc- css. Such apparatus is not a spray booth or spray room, as herein defined. [33:3.3.23.1] (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, Section 14.3, for infor- mation on limited finishing workstations."
Line Isolation Monitor. A test instrument designed to continu- ally check the balanced and unbalanced impedance from cach line of an isolated circuit to ground and equipped with a built- in test circuit to exercise the alarm without adding to the leak- age current hazard. [99:3.3.99] (517) (CMP-15)
Liquid Immersion "o". Type of protection where electrical equipment is immersed in a protective liquid so that an explo- sive atmosphere that might be above the liquid or outside the enclosure cannot be ignited. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-6, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 6: Equipment Protection by Liquid Immersion "o", for addi- tional information.
Listed. Equipment, materials, or services included in a list published by an organization that is acceptable to the authority having jurisdiction and concerned with evaluation of products or services, that maintains periodic inspection of production of listed equipment or materials or periodic evaluation of services, and whose listing states that either the equipment, material, or
service meets appropriate designated standards or has been tested and found suitable for a specified purpose. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: The means for identifying listed equipment may vary for each organization concerned with product evalua- tion, some of which do not recognize equipment as listed unless it is also labeled. Use of the system employed by the listing organization allows the authority having jurisdiction to identify a listed product.
Live Parts. Energized conductive components. (CMP-1)
Load Management. The process within an energy management system that limits the total electrical load on an electrical supply system to a set value by adjusting or controlling the indi- vidual loads. (625) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: Load management is sometimes called demand-side management (DSM).
Location, Anesthetizing. (Anesthetizing Location) Any space within a facility that has been designated for the administration of any flammable or nonflammable inhalation anesthetic agent during examination or treatment, including the use of such agents for relative analgesia. (517) (CMP-15)
Location, Anesthetizing, Flammable. (Flammable Anesthetizing Location) Any arca of the facility that has been designated to be used for the administration of any flammable inhalation anesthetic agents in the normal course of examination or treat- ment. (517) (CMP-15)
Location, Damp. (Damp Location) Locations protected from weather and not subject to saturation with water or other liquids but subject to moderate degrees of moisture. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Examples of such locations include partially protected locations under canopies, marquees, roofed open porches, and like locations, and interior locations subject to moderate degrees of moisture, such as some basements, some barns, and some cold-storage warehouses.
Location, Dry. (Dry Location) A location not normally subject to dampness or wetness. A location classified as dry may be temporarily subject to dampness or wetness, as in the case of a building under construction. (CMP-1)
Location, Remote. (Remote Location) A location, other than a motion picture or television studio, where a production is filmed or recorded. (530) (CMP-15)
Location, Wet. (Wet Location) A location that is one or more of the following:
(1) Unprotected and exposed to weather
(2) Subject to saturation with water and other liquids
(3) Underground
(4) In concrete slabs or masonry in direct contact with the carth
(CMP-1)
Informational Note: A vehicle washing area is an example of a wet location saturated with water or other liquids.
Location, Wet Procedure. (Wet Procedure Location) The arca in a patient care space where a procedure is performed that is normally subject to wet conditions while patients are present, including standing fluids on the floor or drenching of the work arca, cither of which condition is intimate to the patient or staff. [99:3.3.187] (517) (CMP-15)
70-46
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Informational Note: Routine housekeeping procedures and inci- dental spillage of liquids do not define a wet procedure loca- tion. [99:A.3.3.187]
Locations, Hazardous (Classified). [Hazardous (Classified) Locations] Locations where fire or explosion hazards might cxist due to flammable gases, flammable liquid-produced vapors, combustible liquid-produced vapors, combustible dusts, combustible fiber/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings. (CMP-14)
Locations, Unclassified. (Unclassified Locations) Locations determined to be neither Class I, Division 1; Class I, Division 2; Zone 0; Zone 1; Zone 2; Class II, Division 1; Class II, Division 2; Class III, Division 1; Class III, Division 2; Zone 20; Zone 21; Zone 22; nor any combination thereof. (CMP-14)
Long-Time Rating. A rating based on an operating interval of 5 minutes or longer. (660) (CMP-12)
Long-Time Rating (Standby Power). A rating based on an operating interval of 5 minutes or longer. (517) (CMP-15)
Loudspeaker (Speaker). Equipment that converts an ac elec- tric signal into an acoustic signal. (640) (CMP-12)
Low-Voltage Contact Limit. A voltage not exceeding the follow- ing valucs:
(1) 15 volts (R.VIS) for sinusoidal ac
(2) 21.2 volts peak for nonsinusoidal ac
(3) 30 volts for continuous dc
(4) 12.4 volts peak for dc that is interrupted at a rate of 10 to 200 Hz
(680) (CMP-17)
Low-Voltage Suspended Ceiling Power Distribution System. A system that serves as a support for a finished ceiling surface and consists of a busbar and busbar support system to distribute power to utilization equipment supplied by a Class 2 power supply. (393) (CMP-18)
Luminaire. A complete lighting unit consisting of a light source such as a lamp or lamps, together with the parts designed to position the light source and connect it to the power supply. It may also include parts to protect the light source or the ballast or to distribute the light. A lampholder itself is not a luminaire. (CMP-18)
Luminaire, Dry-Niche. (Dry-Niche Luminaire) A luminaire intended for installation in the floor or wall of a pool, spa, or fountain in a niche that is scaled against the entry of water. (680) (CMP-17)
Luminaire, No-Niche. (No-Niche Luminaire) A luminaire intended for installation above or below the water without a nichc. (680) (CMP-17)
Luminaire, Wet-Niche. (Wet-Niche Luminaire) A luminaire intended for installation in a forming shell mounted in a pool or fountain structure where the luminaire will be completely surrounded by water. (680) (CMP-17)
Machine Room. An enclosed machinery space outside the hoistway, intended for full bodily entry, that contains the elec- trical driving machine or the hydraulic machine. The room could also contain electrical and/or mechanical equipment used directly in connection with the elevator or dumbwaiter. (620) (CMP-12)
Machine Room and Control Room, Remote. (Remote Machine Room and Control Room) A machine room or control room that is not attached to the outside perimeter or surface of the walls, ceiling, or floor of the hoistway. (620) (CMP-12)
Machinery, Industrial (Industrial Machine). (Industrial Machi- nery) A power-driven machine (or a group of machines work- ing together in a coordinated manner), not portable by hand while working, that is used to process material by cutting; form- ing; pressure; electrical, thermal, or optical techniques; lamina- tion; or a combination of these processes. It can include associated equipment used to transfer material or tooling, including fixtures, to assemble/disassemble, to inspect or test, or to package. The associated electrical equipment, including the logic controller(s) and associated software or logic together with the machine actuators and sensors, are considered as part of the industrial machinc. (CMP-12)
Machinery Space. A space inside or outside the hoistway, inten- ded to be accessed with or without full bodily entry, that contains the elevator, duunbwaiter, platform lift, or stairway chairlift equipment and could also contain equipment used directly in connection with the elevator, dumbwaiter, platform lift, or stairway chairlift. (620) (CMP-12)
Machinery Space and Control Space, Remote. (Remote Machi- nery Space and Control Space) A machinery space or control space that is not within the hoistway, machine room, or control room and that is not attached to the outside perimeter or surface of the walls, ceiling, or floor of the hoistway. (620) (GMP-12)
Manufactured Home. A structure, transportable in one or more sections, which in the traveling mode is 2.4 m (8 ft) or more in width or 12.2 m (40 ft) or more in length, or when erected on site is 29.77 m2 (320 ft2) or more is built on a permanent chassis and is designed to be used as a dwelling with or without a permanent foundation, whether or not connected to the utilities, and includes plumbing, heating, air condition- ing, and electrical systems contained therein. The term includes any structure that meets all the requirements of this paragraph except the size requirements and with respect to which the manufacturer voluntarily files a certification required by the regulatory agency. Calculations used to deter- mine the number of square meters (square feet) in a structure are based on the structure's exterior dimensions and include all expandable rooms, cabinets, and other projections contain- ing interior space, but do not include bay windows. [501:1.2.12] (CMP-7)
Informational Note No. 1: Unless otherwise indicated, the tern mobile home includes manufactured home and excludes park trailers.
Informational Note No. 2: See the applicable building code for definition of the term permanent foundation.
Informational Note No. 3: See 24 CFR Part 3280, Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards, of the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, for additional information on the definition.
Manufactured Wiring System. A system containing component parts that are assembled in the process of manufacture and cannot be inspected at the building site without damage or destruction to the assembly and used for the connection of luminaires, utilization equipment, continuous plug-in type busways, and other devices. (604) (CMP-7)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-47
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
CHAPTER 1
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
Marina. A facility, generally on the waterfront, that stores and services boats in berths, on moorings, and in dry storage or dry stack storage. [303:3.3.13] (555) (CMP-7)
Maximum Output Power. The maximum power delivered by an amplifier into its rated load as determined under specified test conditions. (640) (CMP-12)
Informational Note: The maximum output power can exceed the manufacturer's rated output power for the same amplifier.
Maximum Output Power. The maximum 1 minute average power output a wind turbine produces in normal steady-state operation (instantancous power output can be higher). (694) (CMP-4)
Maximum Voltage. The greatest difference in potential produced between any two conductors of a wind turbine circuit. (694) (CMP-4)
Maximum Water Level. The highest level that water can reach before it spills out. (680) (CMP-17)
Medical Office. A building or part thereof in which the follow- ing occur:
(1) Examinations and minor treatments/procedures performed under the continuous supervision of a medi- cal professional;
(2) The use of limited to minimal sedation and treatment or procedures that do not render the patient incapable of self-preservation under emergency conditions; and
(3) No overnight stays for patients or 24-hour operations. [99:3.3.110] (CMP-15)
Membrane Enclosure. A temporary enclosure used for the spraying of workpieces that cannot be moved into a spray booth where open spraying is not practical due to proximity to other operations, finish quality, or concerns such as the collec- tion of overspray. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, Chapter 18, for informa- tion on the construction and use of membrane enclosures.
Messenger-Supported Wiring. An exposed wiring support system using a messenger wire to support insulated conductors by any one of the following:
(1) A messenger with rings and saddles for conductor support
(2) A messenger with a field-installed lashing material for conductor support
(3) Factory-assembled acrial cable
(4) Multiplex cables utilizing a bare conductor, factory as.sem- bled and twisted with one or more insulated conductors, such as duplex, triplex, or quadruplex type of construc- tion
(CMP-6)
Messenger Wire (Messenger). A wirc that is run along with or integral with a cable or conductor to provide mechanical support for the cable or conductor. (CMP-6)
Metal Shield Connections. Mcans of connection for flat conductor cables (Type FCC) designed to electrically and mechanically connect a metal shield to another metal shield, to a receptacle housing or self-contained device, or to a transition assembly. (324) (CMP-6)
Microgrid. An electric power system capable of operating in island mode and capable of being interconnected to an electric power production and distribution network or other primary source while operating in interactive mode, which includes the ability to disconnect from and reconnect to a primary source and operate in island mode. (CMP-4)
Informational Note No. 1: See IEEE 1547, IEEE Standard for Inter- connection and Interoperability of Distributed Energy Resources with Associated Electric Power Systems Interface, IEEE 2030.7, IEEE. Stand- ard for the Specification of Microgrid Controllers, IEEE 2030.8, IEEE Standard for the Testing of Microgrid Controllers, and UL1008B, Outline for Source Interconnection, for additional infor- mation about microgrids.
Informational Note No. 2: Examples of power sources in micro- grids include such items as photovoltaic systems, generators, fuel cell systems, wind electric systems, energy storage systems, elec- tric vehicles that are used as a source of supply, and electrical power conversion from other energy sources.
Microgrid, Health Care (Health Care Microgrid System). (Health Care Microgrid) A group of interconnected loads and distributed energy resources within clearly defined boundaries that acts as a single controllable entity with respect to the util- ity. [99:3.3.75] (517) (CMP-15)
Microgrid Control System (MCS). A structured control system that manages microgrid operations, functionalities for utility interoperability, islanded operations, and transitions. (CMP-4)
Informational Note: MCS differ from multiple standby genera- tors or uninterruptible power supplies that are evaluated and rated to operate as a single source of backup power upon loss of the primary power source. MCS functions include coordination, transitions, and interoperability between multiple power sour- ces.
Microgrid Interconnect Device (MID). A device that enables a microgrid system to separate from and reconnect to an inter- connected primary power source. (CMP-4)
Mixer. Equipment used to combine and level match a multi- plicity of electronic signals, such as from microphones, elec- tronic instruments, and recorded audio. (640) (CMP-12)
Mobile. X-ray equipment mounted on a permanent base with wheels and/or casters for moving while completely assembled. (660) (CMP-12)
Mobile Home. A factory-assembled structure or structures transportable in one or more sections that are built on a permanent chassis and designed to be used as a dwelling with- out a permanent foundation where connected to the required utilities and that include the plumbing, heating, air- conditioning, and electrical systems contained therein. (CMP-7)
Informational Note: Unless otherwise indicated, the term mobile home includes manufactured home and excludes park trailers.
Mobile Home Lot. A designated portion of a mobile home park designed for the accommodation of one mobile home and its accessory buildings or structures for the exclusive use of its occupants. (550) (CMP-7)
Mobile Home Park. A contiguous parcel of land that is used for the accommodation of mobile homes that are intended to be occupied. (550) (CMP-7)
70-48
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Module, AC. (AC Module) A complete, environmentally protected unit consisting of solar cells, inverter, and other components, designed to produce ac power. (690) (CMP-4)
Module System, AC. (AC Module System) An assembly of ac modules, wiring methods, materials, and subassemblies that are evaluated, identified, and defined as a system. (690) (CMP-4)
Momentary Rating. A rating based on an operating interval that does not exceed 5 seconds. (660) (CMP-12)
Momentary Rating (Maximum Power). A rating based on an operating interval that does not exceed 5 seconds. (517) (CMP-15)
Monitor. An electrical or electronic means to observe, record, or detect the operation or condition of the electric power system or apparatus. (750) (CMP-13)
Monopole Circuit. An electrical subset of a PV system that has two conductors in the output circuit, one positive (+) and one negative (-). (690) (CMP-4)
Monorail. Overhead track and hoist system for moving mate- rial around the boatyard or moving and launching boats. [303:3.3.16] (555) (CMP-7)
Mooring(s). Any place where a boat is wet stored or berthed. [303:3.3.17] (555) (CMP-7)
Motion Picture Studio (Television Studio). A building, group of buildings, other structures, and outdoor arcas designed, constructed, permanently altered, designated, or approved for the purpose of motion picture or television production. (530) (CMP-15)
Motor Control Center. An assemblyof one or more enclosed sections having a common power bus and principally contain- ing motor control units. (CMP-11)
Motor Fuel Dispensing Facility. That portion of a property where motor fuels are stored and dispensed from fixed equip- ment into the fuel tanks of motor vehicles or marine craft or into approved containers, including all equipment used in connection therewith. [30A:3.3.11] (CMP-14).
Informational Note: See 511.1 with respect to electrical wiring and equipment for other areas used as lubritoriums, service rooms, repair rooms, offices, salesrooms, compressor rooins, and similar locations.
Multi-Circuit Cable Outlet Enclosure. An enclosure containing one or more multi-circuit plugs, receptacles, or both. (520) (CMP-15)
Multioutlet Assembly. A surface, flush, or freestanding assem- blage with a raceway and fittings or other enclosure provided with one or more receptacles, for the purpose of supplying power to utilization equipment. (CMP-18)
Nacelle. An enclosure housing the alternator and other parts of a wind turbine. (694) (CMP-4)
Neon Tubing. Electric-discharge luminous tubing, including cold cathode luminous tubing, that is manufactured into shapes to illuminate signs, form letters, parts of letters, skeleton tubing, outline lighting, other decorative elements, or art forms and filled with various inert gases. (600) (CMP-18)
Network Interface Unit (NIU). A device that converts a broad- band signal into component voice, audio, video, data, and
interactive services signals and provides isolation between the network power and the premises signal circuits. These devices often contain primary and secondary protectors. (CMP-16)
Network Terminal. A device that converts network-provided signals (optical, electrical, or wireless) into component signals, including voice, audio, video, data, wireless, optical, and inter- active services, and is considered a network device on the prem- ises that is connected to a communications service provider and is powered at the premises. (CMP-16)
Neutral Conductor. The conductor connected to the neutral point of a system that is intended to carry current under normal conditions. (CMP-5)
Neutral Point. The common point on a wyc-connection in a polyphase system or midpoint on a single-phase, 3-wire system, or midpoint of a single-phase portion of a 3-phase delta system, or a midpoint of a 3-wire, direct-current system. (CMP-5)
Informational Note: At the neutral point of the system, the vectorial sum of the nominal voltages from all other phases within the system that utilize the neutral, with respect to the neutral point, is zero potential.
Nonautomatic. Requiring human intervention to perform a function. (CMP-1)
Nonincendive 'Circuit. A circuit, other than field wiring, in which any arc or thermal effect produced under intended operating conditions of the equipment, is not capable, under specified test conditions, of igniting the flammable gas-air, vapor-air, or dust-air mixturc. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Nonincendive Component. A component having contacts for making or breaking an incendive circuit and the contacting mechanism is constructed so that the component is incapable of igniting the specified flammable gas-air or vapor-air mixture. The housing of such a component is not intended to exclude the flammable atmosphere or contain an explosion. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Nonincendive Equipment. Equipment having electrical/clec- tronic circuitry that is incapable, under normal operating conditions, of causing ignition of a specified flammable gas-air, vapor-air, or dust-air mixture due to arcing or therinal means. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Nonincendive Field Wiring. Wiring that enters or leaves an equipment enclosure and, under normal operating conditions of the equipment, is not capable, due to arcing or thermal effects, of igniting the flammable gas-air, vapor-air, or dust-air mixture. Normal operation includes opening, shorting, or grounding the field wiring. (C.MP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-49
CHAPTER 1
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Nonincendive Field Wiring Apparatus. Apparatus intended to be connected to nonincendive field wiring. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Nonlinear Load. A load where the wave shape of the steady- state current does not follow the wave shape of the applied volt- agc. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Electronic equipment, electronic/electric- discharge lighting, adjustable-speed drive systems, and similar equipment may be nonlinear load.s.
Nonmetallic Extension. An assembly of two insulated conduc- tors within a nonmetallic jacket or an extruded thermoplastic covering. The classification includes surface extensions inten- ded for mounting directly on the surface of walls or ceilings. (CMP-6)
Nonsparking. Constructed to minimize the risk of arcs or sparks capable of creating an ignition hazard during conditions of normal operation. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Normal/Emergency Power Source. A power source on the output side of a transfer switch or uninterruptible power supply that is automatically available upon loss of normal power. (700) (CMP-13).
Normal High-Water Level (as applies to electrical datum plane distances). Natural or Artificially Made Shorelines: An cleva- tion delincating the highest water level that has been main- tained for a sufficient period of time to leave evidence upon the landscape, commonly the point where the natural vegeta- tion changes from predominantly aquatic to predominantly terrestrial.
Rivers and Streams: The elevation of the top of the bank of the channel. Streams, rivers, and tributaries that are prone to flooding and effects of water runoff shall consider the "bank- full stage" where an established gauge height at a given loca- tion along a river or stream, above which a rise in water surface will cause the river or stream to overflow the lowest natural stream bank somewhere in the corresponding reach.
Flood Control Bodies of Water: The flood pool maximum water surface elevation of a reservoir, equal to the elevation of the spillway.
Nonflood Control Bodies of Water: The flowage casement boundary in which the highest water surface elevation defined by the arca existing between governmental-owned property line(s) and a contour line with perpetual rights to flood the arca in connection with the operation of the reservoir.
(CMP-7)
Nurses' Station. A space intended to provide a center of nurs- ing activity for a group of nurses serving bed patients, where patient calls are received, nurses dispatched, nurses' notes writ- ten, inpatient charts prepared, and medications prepared for distribution to patients. Where such activities are carried on in
more than one location within a nursing unit, all such separate spaces are considered a to be parts of the nurses' station. (517) (CMP-15)
Nursing Home. A building or portion of a building used on a 24-hour basis for the housing and nursing care of four or more persons who, because of mental or physical incapacity, might be unable to provide for their own needs and safety without the assistance of another person. [101:3.3.150.2] (CMP-15)
Office Furnishing. Cubicle panels, partitions, study carrels, workstations, desks, shelving systems, and storage units that may be mechanically and electrically interconnected to form an office furnishing system. (CMP-18)
Oil Immersion. Electrical equipment immersed in a protective liquid so that an explosive atmosphere that might be above the liquid or outside the enclosure cannot be ignited. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Open Wiring on Insulators. An exposed wiring method using cleats, knobs, tubes, and flexible tubing for the protection and support of single insulated conductors run in or on buildings. (CMP-6)
Operating Device. The car switch, pushbuttons, key or toggle switch(s), or other devices used to activate the operation controller. . (620) (CMP-12)
Operator. The individual responsible for starting, stopping, and controlling an amusement ride or supervising a conces- sion. (525) (CMP-15)
Optical Radiation. Electromagnetic radiation at wavelengths in vacuum between the region of transition to X-rays and the region of transition to radio waves that is approximately between 1 nm and 1000 um. (C.MP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for information on types of protection that can be applied to minimize the risk of ignition in explosive atmospheres from optical radiation in the wavelength range from 380 nn to 10 pm.
Optical Radiation, Inherently Safe "op is". (Inherently Safe Optical Radiation "op is") Type of protection to minimize the risk of ignition in explosive atmospheres from optical radiation where visible or infrared radiation is incapable of producing sufficient energy under normal or specified fault conditions to ignite a specific explosive atmosphere. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for additional information.
Optical Radiation, Protected "op pr". (Protected Optical Radi- ation "op pr") Type of protection to minimize the risk of igni- tion in explosive atmospheres from optical radiation where visible or infrared radiation is confined inside optical fiber or other transmission medium under normal constructions or constructions with additional mechanical protection based on the assumption that there is no escape of radiation from the confinement. (CMP-14)
70-50
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for additional information.
Optical System With Interlock "op sh". Type of protection to minimize the risk of ignition in explosive atmospheres from optical radiation where visible or infrared radiation is confined inside optical fiber or other transmission medium with inter- lock cutoff provided to reliably reduce the unconfined beam strength to safe levels within a specified time in case the confinement fails and the radiation becomes unconfined. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for additional information.
Optional Standby Systems. Those systems intended to supply power to public or private facilities or property where life safety does not depend on the performance of the system. These systems are intended to supply on-site gencrated or stored power to selected loads cither automatically or manually. (CMP-13)
Organ, Electronic. (Electronic Organ) A musical instrument that imitates the sound of a pipe organ by producing sound electronically. (CMP-12)
Informational Note: Most new electronic organs produce sound digitally and are called digital organs.
Organ, Pipe. (Pipe Organ) A musical instrument that produ- ces sound by driving pressurized air (called wind) through pipes selected via a keyboard. (CMP-12)
Organ, Pipe Sounding Apparatus. (Pipe Organ Sounding Appa- ratus) (Pipe Organ Chamber). The sound-producing part of a pipe organ, including, but not limited to, pipes, chimes, bells, the pressurized air- (wind-) producing equipment (blower), associated controls, and power equipment. (CMP-12)
Outlet. A point on the wiring system at which current is taken to supply utilization equipment. (CMP-1)
Outlet Box Hood. A housing shield intended to fit over a face- plate for flush-mounted wiring devices, or an integral compo- nent of an outlet box or of a faceplate for flush-mounted wiring devices. The hood does not serve to complete the elec- trical enclosure; it reduces the risk of water coming in contact with electrical components within the hood, such as attach- ment plugs, current taps, surge protective devices, direct plug- in transformer units, or wiring devices. (CMP-18)
Outline Lighting. An arrangement of incandescent lamps, electric-discharge lighting, or other electrically powered light sources to outline or call attention to certain features such as the shape of a building or the decoration of a window. (CMP-18)
Output Cable to the Electric Vehicle. An assembly consisting of a length of flexible EV cable and an electric vehicle connector (supplying power to the electric vehicle). (625) (CMP-12)
Output Cable to the Primary Pad. A multiconductor, shielded cable assembly consisting of conductors to carry the high- frequency energy and any status signals between the charger power converter and the primary pad. (625) (CMP-12)
Overcurrent. Any current in excess of the rated current of equipment or the ampacity of a conductor. It may result from overload, short circuit, or ground fault. (CMP-10)
Informational Note: A current in excess of rating may be accom- modated by certain equipment and conductors for a given set of conditions. Therefore, the rules for overcurrent protection are specific for particular situations.
Overcurrent Protective Device, Branch-Circuit. (Branch-Circuit Overcurrent Protective Device) A device capable of providing protection for service, feeder, and branch circuits and equip- ment over the full range of overcurrents between its rated current and its interrupting rating. (CMP-10)
Overcurrent Protective Device, Current-Limiting. (Current- Limiting Overcurrent Protective Device) A device that, when interrupting currents in its current-limiting range, reduces the current flowing in the faulted circuit to a magnitude substan- tially less than that obtainable in the same circuit if the device were replaced with a solid conductor having comparable impe- dance. (240) (CMP-10)
Overcurrent Protective Device, Supplementary. (Supplemen- tary Overcurrent Protective Device) A device intended to provide limited overcurrent protection for specific applications and utilization equipment such as luminaires and appliances. This limited protection is in addition to the protection provi- ded in the required branch circuit by the branch-circuit over- current protective device. (CMP-10)
Overhead Gantry. A structure consisting of horizontal frame- work, supported by vertical columns spanning above electrified truck parking spaces, that supports equipment, appliances, raceway, and other necessary components for the purpose of supplying electrical, HVAC, internet, communications, and other services to the spaces. (626) (CMP-12)
Overload. Operation of equipment in excess of normal, full- load rating, or of a conductor in excess of its ampacity that, when it persists for a sufficient length of time, would cause damage or dangerous overheating. A fault, such as a short circuit or ground fault, is not an overload. (CMP-10)
Packaged Therapeutic Tub or Hydrotherapeutic Tank Equip- ment Assembly. A factory-fabricated unit consisting of water- circulating, heating, and control equipment mounted on a common base, intended to operate a therapeutic tub or hydro- therapeutic tank. Equipment can include pumps, air blowers, heaters, lights, controls, sanitizer generators, and so forth. (680) (CMP-17)
Panelboard. A single panel or group of panel units designed for assembly in the form of a single panel, including buses and automatic overcurrent devices, and equipped with or without switches for the control of light, heat, or power circuits; designed to be placed in a cabinet, enclosure, or cutout box placed in or against a wall, partition, or other support; and accessible only from the front. (CMP-9)
Panelboard, Enclosed. (Enclosed Panelboard) An assemblyof buses and connections, overcurrent devices, and control appa- ratus with or without switches or other equipment, installed in a cabinet, cutout box, or enclosure suitable for a panelboard application. (C.MP-9)
Park Electrical Wiring Systems. All of the electrical wiring, luminaires, equipment, and appurtenances related to electrical installations within a mobile home park, including the mobile home service equipment. (550) (CMP-7)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-51
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Park Trailer. A unit that is built on a single chassis mounted on wheels and has a gross trailer arca not exceeding 37 m2 (400 ft2) in the set-up mode. (552) (CMP-7)
Part-Widing Motors. A part-winding start induction or synchronous motor is one that is arranged for starting by first energizing part of its primary (armaturc) winding and, subsc- quently, energizing the remainder of this winding in one or more steps. A standard part-winding start induction motor is arranged so that one-half of its primary winding can be ener- gized initially, and, subsequently, the remaining half can be energized, both halves then carrying cqual current. (CMP 11)
Informational Note: A hennetic refrigerant motor-compressor is not considered a standard part-winding start induction motor.
Passenger Transportation Facilities. Any arca open to the public associated with passenger transportation such as an airport, bus terminal, highway rest stop and service arca, marina, scaport, ferry slip, subway station, train station, or port of entry. (CMP-18)
Patient Bed Location. The location of a patient sleeping bed, or the bed or procedure table of a Category 1 spacc. [99:3.3.138] (CMP-15)
Patient Care-Related Electrical Equipment. Electrical cquip- ment appliance that is intended to be used for diagnostic, ther- apcutic, or monitoring purposes in a patient care vicinity. [99:3.3.139] (517) (CMP-15)
Patient Care Space Category. Any space of a health care facility wherein patients are intended to be examined or treated. [99:3.3.140] (517) (CMP-15)
Informational Note No. 1: The health care facility's governing body designates patient care space in accordance with the type of patient care anticipated.
Informational Note No. 2: Business offices, corridors, lounges, day rooms, dining rooms, or similar areas typically are not classi- fied as patient care spaces. [99:A.3.3.140]
Category 1 Space (Category 1). Space in which failure of cquip- ment or a system is likely to cause major injury or death of patients, staff, or visitors. [99:3.3.140.1] (CMP-15)
Informational Note: These spaces, formerly known as critical care rooms, are typically where patients are intended to be subjected to invasive procedures and connected to line- operated, patient care-related appliances. Examples include, but are not limited to, special care patient rooms used for criti- cal care, intensive care, and special care treatment rooms such as angiography laboratories, cardiac catheterization laboratories, delivery rooms, operating rooms, post-anesthesia care units, trauma rooms, and other similar rooms. [99:A.3.3.140.1]
Category 2 Space (Category 2). Space in which failure of cquip- ment or a system is likely to cause minor injury to patients, staff, or visitors. [99:3.3.140.2] (CMP-15)
Informational Note: These spaces were formerly known as general care rooms. Examples include, but are not limited to, inpatient bedrooms, dialysis rooms, in vitro fertilization rooms, procedural rooms, and similar rooms. [99:\.3.3.140.2]
Category 3 Space (Category 3). Space in which the failure of equipment or a system is not likely to cause injury to patients, staff, or visitors but can cause discomfort. [99:3.3.140.3] (517) (CMP-15)
Informational Note: These spaces, formerly known as basic care rooms, are typically where basic medical or dental care, treat- ment, or examinations are performed. Examples include, but are not limited to, examination or treatment rooms in clinics, medical and dental offices, nursing homes, and limited care facilities. [99:A.3.3.140.3]
Category 4 Space (Category 4). Space in which failure of cquip- ment or a system is not likely to have a physical impact on patient carc. [99:3.3.140.4] (517) (CMP-15)
Informational Note: These spaces were formerly known as support rooms. Examples of support spaces include, but are not limited to, anesthesia work rooms, sterile supply, laboratories, morgues, waiting rooms, utility rooms, and lounges. [99:A.3.3.140.4]
Patient Care Vicinity. A space, within a location intended for the examination and treatment of patients, extending 1.8 m (6 ft) beyond the normal location of the bed, chair, table, treadmill, or other device that supports the patient during examination and treatment and extending vertically to 2.3 m (7 ft 6 in.) above the floor. [99:3.3.141] (517) (CMP-15)
Patient Equipment Grounding Point. A jack or terminal that serves as the collection point for redundant grounding of elec- tric appliances serving a patient care vicinity or for grounding other items in order to eliminate electromagnetic interference problems. [99:3.3.142] (517) (CMP-15)
Performance Area. The stage and audience seating arca associ- ated with a temporary stage structure, whether indoors or outdoors, constructed of scaffolding, truss, platforms, or similar devices, that is used for the presentation of theatrical or musi- cal productions or for public presentations. (520) (CMP-15)
Permanent Amusement Attraction. A ride device, entertain- ment device, or a combination of both that is installed such that portability or relocation is impracticable. (522) (CMP-15)
Permanently Installed Decorative Fountains and Reflection Pools. Those that are constructed in the ground, on the ground, or in a building in such a manner that the fountain cannot be readily disassembled for storage, whether or not served by electrical circuits of any nature. These units arc primarily constructed for their aesthetic value and are not intended for swimming or wading. (680) (CMP-17)
Personnel Protection System (as applied to EVSE). A system of personnel protection devices and constructional features that when used together provide protection against electric shock of personnel. (625) (CMP-12)
Phase, Manufactured. (Manufactured Phase) The phase that originates at the phase converter and is not solidly connected to cither of the single-phase input conductors. (CMP-13)
Phase Converter. An electrical device that converts single- phase power to 3-phase electric power. (CMP-13)
Informational Note: Phase converters have characteristics that modify the starting torque and locked-rotor current of motors served, and consideration is required in selecting a phase converter for a specific load.
Phase Converter, Rotary. (Rotary-Phase Converter) A device that consists of a rotary transformer and capacitor panel(s) that permits the operation of 3-phase loads from a single-phase supply. (455) (CMP-13)
70-52
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Phase Converter, Static. (Static-Phase Converter) A device without rotating parts, sized for a given 3-phase load to permit operation from a single-phase supply. (455) (CMP-13)
Photovoltaic Cell (PV). (Solar Cell). The basic photovoltaic device that generates de electricity when exposed to light. (CMP-4)
Pier. A structure extending over the water and supported on a fixed foundation (fixed picr), or on flotation (floating pier), that provides access to the water. [303:3.3.18] (CMP-7)
Pier, Fixed. (Fixed Pier) Pier constructed on a permanent, fixed foundation, such as on piles, that permanently establishes the elevation of the structure deck with respect to land. [303:3.3.18.2] (CMP-7)
Pier, Floating. (Floating Pier) Pier designed with inherent flotation capability that allows the structure to float on the water surface and rise and fall with water level changes. [303:3.3.18.3] (CMP-7)
Pipeline. A length of pipc including pumps, valves, flanges, control devices, strainers, and/or similar equipment for conveying fluids. (CMP-17)
Plenum. A compartment or chamber to which one or more air ducts are connected and that forms part of the air distribution system. (CMP-3)
Plenum Cable, Cable Routing Assemblies, and Raceways. Cables, cable routing assemblies, and raceways that have adequate fire-resistant and low smoke-producing characteristics and are suitable for use in ducts, plenums, and other spaces used for environmental air. (722) (CMP-3)
Point of Entrance. The point within a building at which the wirc or cable emerges from an external wall, from the roof, or from a concrete floor slab. (CMP-16)
Pool. Manufactured or field-constructed equipment designed to contain water on a permanent or semipermanent basis and used for swimming, wading, immersion, or therapeutic purpo- scs. (680) (CMP-17)
Pool, Immersion. (Immersion Pool) A pool for ceremonial or ritual immersion of users, which is designed and intended to have its contents drained or discharged. (680) (CMP-17)
Pool, Permanently Installed Swimming, Wading, Immersion, and Therapeutic. (Permanently Installed Swimming, Wading, Immersion, and Therapeutic Pools) Those that are construc- ted or installed in the ground or partially in the ground, and all pools installed inside of a building, whether or not served by electrical circuits of any naturc. (680) (CMP-17)
Pool, Storable; used for Swimming, Wading, or Immersion (Storable Immersion Pool). (Storable Pool) Pools installed entirely on or above the ground that are intended to be stored when not in use and are designed for case of relocation, regardless of water depth. (680) (CMP-17)
Pool Cover, Electrically Operated. (Electrically Operated Pool Cover) Motor-driven equipment designed to cover and uncover the water surface of a pool by means of a flexible sheet or rigid framc. (680) (CMP-17)
Pool Lift, Electrically Powered. (Electrically Powered Pool Lift) An electrically powered lift that provides accessibility for
people with disabilities to and from a pool or spa. (680) (CMP-17)
Portable. A device intended for indoor or outdoor use that is designed to be hand-carried from location to location, or casily transported without the use of other devices or equipment. (625) (CMP-12)
Portable. X-ray equipment designed to be hand-carried. (660) (CMP-12)
Portable (as applied to equipment). Equipment that is actually moved or can casily be moved from one place to another in normal usc. (680) (CMP-17)
Portable Power Distribution Unit. A power distribution box containing receptacles and overcurrent devices. (520) (CMP-15)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1640, Portable Power- Distribution Equipment, for information on portable power distri- bution units.
Portable Structures. Units designed to be moved including, but not limited to, amusement rides, attractions, concessions, tents, trailers, trucks, and similar units. (525) (CMP-15)
Portable Substation. A portable assembly, usually mounted on a trailer, containing primary and secondary switchgear and a transformer. (530) (CMP-15)
Powder Filling "q". Type of protection where electrical parts capable of igniting an explosive atmosphere are fixed in posi- tion and completely surrounded by filling material (glass or quartz powder) to prevent the ignition of an external explosive atmosphere. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/CL 60079-5, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 5: Equipment protection by powder filling "q", for additional information.
Power Outlet. An enclosed assemblythat may include recepta- cles, circuit breakers, fuscholders, fused switches, buses, and watt-hour meter mounting means; intended to supply and control power to mobile homes, recreational vehicles, park trailers, or boats or to serve as a means for distributing power required to operate mobile or temporarily installed equipment. (CMP-7)
Power Outlet, Marina. (Marina Power Outlet) An enclosed assembly that can include equipment such as receptacles, circuit breakers, fused switches, fuses, watt-hour meters, panel- boards, and monitoring means identified for marina usc. (555) (CMP-7)
Power Production Equipment. Electrical generating equip- ment supplied by any source other than a utility service, up to the source system disconnecting means. (CMP-4)
Informational Note: Examples of power production equipment include such items as generators, solar photovoltaic systems, and fuel cell systems.
Power Source Output Conductors. The conductors between power production equipment and the service or other premises wiring. (CMP-4)
Power Supply. A Class 2 power supply connected between the branch-circuit power distribution system and the busbar low- voltage suspended ceiling power distribution system. (393) (CMP-18)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-53
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
CHAPTER 1
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
Power-Supply Cord. An assembly consisting of an attachment plug and a length of flexible cord connected to utilization equipment. (CMP-6)
Premises. The land and buildings located on the user's side of the point of demarcation between the communications service provider and the user. (800) (CMP-16)
Premises-Powered. Using power provided locally from the premises. (CMP-16)
Premises Wiring (System). Interior and exterior wiring, includ- ing power, lighting, control, and signal circuit wiring together with all their associated hardware, fittings, and wiring devices, both permanently and temporarily installed. This includes one of the following.
(1) Wiring from the service point or power source to the outlets
(2) Wiring from and including the power source to the outlets where there is no service point
Such wiring does not include wiring internal to appliances, luminaires, motors, controllers, motor control centers, and similar equipment. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Power sources include, but are not limited to, interconnected or stand-alone batteries, solar photovoltaic systems, other distributed generation systems, or generators.
Pressurized. The process of supplying an enclosure with a protective gas with or without continuous flow at sufficient pressure to prevent the entrance of combustible dust or igniti- ble fibers/flyings. (CMP-14)
Pressurized Enclosure "p". Type of protection for electrical equipment that uses the technique of guarding against the ingress of the external atmosphere, which might be explosive, into an enclosure by maintaining a protective gas therein at a pressure above that of the external atmosphere. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/CL-60079-2, Explosive Atmosphens - Part 2: Equipment protection by pressurized enclosures "p", for addi- tional information.
Pressurized Room "p". A room volume protected by pressuri- zation and of sufficient size to permit the entry of a person who might occupy the room. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-13, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 13: Equipment protection by pressurized room "p" and artificially ventilated mom "v", for infonnation on the require- ments for rooms intended for human entry where pressurization is used as a means of reducing the risk of explosion.
Primary Pad. A device external to the EV that transfers power via the contactless coupling as part of a wireless power transfer system. (625) (CMP-12)
Primary Source. An electric utility or another source of power that acts as the main forming and stabilizing source in an elec- tric power system. (CMP-4)
Prime Mover. The machine that supplies the mechanical horsepower to a generator. (CMP-13)
Process Seal. A scal between electrical systems and flammable or combustible process fluids where a failure could allow the migration of process fluids into the premises' wiring system. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 122701, Requirements for Pror- ess Sealing Between Electrical Systems and Flammable or Combustible Process Fluids, for additional information.
Production Areas. Arcas where portable electrical equipment is used to implement the capture of images. (530) (CMP-15)
Projector, Nonprofessional. (Nonprofessional Projector) Those types of projectors that do not comply with the defini- tion of Professional-Type Projector. (540) (CMP-15)
Projector, Professional-Type. (Professional-Type Projector) A type of projector using 35- or 70-mm film that has a minimum width of 35 mm (13% in.) and has on cach edge 212 perfora- tions per meter (5.4 perforations per inch), or a type using carbon arc, xenon, or other light source equipment that devel- ops hazardous gases, dust, or radiation. (540) (CMP-15)
Proscenium. The wall and arch that separates the stage from the auditorium (i.c., house). (520) (CMP-15)
Protection by Enclosure "t". Type of protection for explosive dust atmospheres where electrical equipment is provided with an enclosure providing dust ingress protection and a means to limit surface temperatures. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-31, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 31: Equipment Dust Ignition Protection by Enclosure ", for additional infonnation.
Psychiatric Hospital. A building used exclusively for the psychi- atric care, on a 24-hour basis, of four or more inpatients. (517) (CMP-15)
Purged and Pressurized. The process of (1) purging, supplying an enclosure with a protective gas at a sufficient flow and posi- tive pressure to reduce the concentration of any flammable gas or vapor initially present to an acceptable level; and (2) pres- surization, supplying an enclosure with a protective gas with or without continuous flow at sufficient pressure to prevent the entrance of a flammable gas or vapor, a combustible dust, or an ignitible fiber. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See NFPA 496, Standard for Purged and Pres- surized Enclosures for Electrical Equipment, for additional informa- tion.
Purpose-Built. A custom luminaire, a piece of lighting cquip- ment, or an effect that is constructed for a specific purpose and is not serially manufactured or available for general sale. (530) (CMP-15)
PV DC Circuit (PV System DC Circuit). Any dc conductor in PV source circuits, PV string circuits, and PV dc-to-clc converter circuits. (690) (CMP-4)
PV DC Circuit, Sourre. (PV Sourre Circuit) The PV dc circuit conductors between modules in a PV string circuit, and from PV string circuits or de combiners, to de combiners, electronic power converters, or a dc PV system disconnecting means. (690) (CMP-4)
PV DC Circuit, String. (PV String Circuit) The PV source circuit conductors of one or more series-connected PV modules. (690) (CMP-4)
PV Module (Module). A complete, environmentally protected unit consisting of solar cells and other components designed to produce dc power. (CMP-4)
70-54
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
PV (Photovoltaic) System (PV System) (Photovoltaic System). The total components, circuits, and equipment up to and including the PV system disconnecting means that, in combina- tion, convert solar energy into electric energy. (CMP-4)
Qualified Person. One who has skills and knowledge related to the construction and operation of the electrical equipment and installations and has received safety training to recognize and avoid the hazards involved. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: See NFPA 706-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, for electrical safety training requirements.
Raceway. An enclosed channel designed expressly for holding wires, cables, or busbars, with additional functions as permitted in this Code. (CMP-8)
Raceway Cell. A single enclosed tubular space in a cellular metal or concrete floor member, the axis of the cell being parallel to the axis of the floor member. (CMP-8)
Raceway, Cellular Metal Floor. (Cellular Metal Floor Raceway) The hollow spaces of cellular metal floors, together with suita- ble fittings, that may be approved as enclosed channel for elec- trical conductors. (CMP-8)
Raceway, Communications. (Communications Raceway) An enclosed channel of nonmetallic materials designed expressly for holding communications wires and cables; optical fiber cables; data cables associated with information technology and communications equipment; Class 2, Class 3, and Type PLTC cables; and power-limited fire alarm cables in plenum, riser, and general-purpose applications. (CMP-16)
Raceway, Strut-Type Channel. (Strut-Type Channel Raceway) A metal raceway that is intended to be mounted to the surface of or suspended from a structure, with associated accessories for the installation of electrical conductors and cables. (CMP-8)
Raceway, Surface Metal. (Surface Metal Raceway) A metal raceway that is intended to be mounted to the surface of a structure, with associated couplings, connectors, boxes, and fittings for the installation of electrical conductors. (CMP-8)
Raceway, Surface Nonmetallic. (Surface Nonmetallic Raceway) A nonmetallic raceway that is intended to be mounted to the surface of a structure, with associated couplings, connectors, boxes, and fittings for the installation of electrical conductors. (CMP-8)
Raceway, Underfloor. (Underfloor Raceway) A raceway and associated components designed and intended for installation beneath or flush with the surface of a floor for the installation of cables and electrical conductors. (CMP-8)
Rail. The structural support for the suspended ceiling system typically forming the ceiling grid supporting the ceiling tile and listed utilization equipment, such as sensors, actuators, A/V devices, and low-voltage luminaires and similar electrical equipment. (393) (CMP-18)
Rainproof. Constructed, protected, or treated so as to prevent rain from interfering with the successful operation of the appa- ratus under specified test conditions. (CMP-1)
Raintight. Constructed or protected so that exposure to a beat- ing rain will not result in the entrance of water under specified test conditions. (CMP-1)
Rated-Load Current (RLC). The current of a hermetic refrig- crant motor-compressor resulting when it is operated at the rated load, rated voltage, and rated frequency of the equip- ment it serves. (440) (CMP-11)
Rated Output Power. The amplifier manufacturer's stated or marked output power capability into its rated load. (640) (CMP-12)
Rated Power. The output power of a wind turbine at its rated wind speed. (694) (CMP-4)
Informational Note: See IEC 61400-12-1, Power Performance Meas- urements of Electricity Producing Wind Turbines, for the method for measuring wind turbine power output.
Receptacle. A contact device installed at the outlet for the connection of an attachment plug, or for the direct connection of electrical utilization equipment designed to mate with the corresponding contact device. A single receptacle is a single contact device with no other contact device on the same yoke or strap. A multiple receptacle is two or more contact devices on the same yoke or strap. (CMP-18)
Informational Note: A duplex receptacle is an example of a multiple receptacle that has two receptacles on the same yoke or strap.
Receptacle, Weight-Supporting Ceiling (WSCR). (Weight- Supporting Ceiling Receptacle) A contact device installed at an outlet box for the connection and support of luminaries or ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans using a weight-supporting attachment fitting (WSAF). (CMP-18)
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6, American National Standard for Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, for the standard configuration of weight-supporting ceiling receptacles and related weight-supporting attachment fittings.
Receptacle Outlet. An outlet where one or more receptacles are installed. (CMP-18)
Reconditioned. Electromechanical systems, equipment, appa- ratus, or components that are restored to operating conditions. This process differs from normal servicing of equipment that remains within a facility, or replacement of listed equipment on a one-to-one basis. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: The term reconditioned is frequently referred to as rebuilt, refurbished, or remanufactured.
Recreational Vehicle (RV) (Camping Trailer) (Motor Home) (Travel Trailer) (Truck Camper). A vehicle or slide-in camper that is primarily designed as temporary living quarters for recreational, camping, or scasonal use; has its own motive power or is mounted on or towed by another vehicle; is regula- ted by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration as a vehicle or vehicle equipment; does not require a special high- way use permit for operation on the highways; and can be casily transported and set up on a daily basis by an individual. [1192:3.3.52] (551) (CMP-7)
Informational Note: See NFPA 1192, Standard on Recreational Vehicles, Informative Annex A, for product types and definitions for motor homes and towable recreational vehicles.
Recreational Vehicle Park. Any parcel or tract of land under the control of any person, organization, or governmental entity wherein two or more recreational vehicle, recreational park trailer, and/or other camping sites are offered for use by the
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-55
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
public or members of an organization for overnight stays. (551) (CMP-7)
Recreational Vehicle Site. A specific arca within a recreational vehicle park or campground that is set aside for use by a camp- ing unit. (551) (CMP-7)
Recreational Vehicle Site Supply Equipment. A power outlet assembly located near the point of entrance of supply conduc- tors to a recreational vehicle site and intended to constitute the disconnecting means for connected recreational vehicles. (551) (CMP-7)
Recreational Vehicle Stand. That arca of a recreational vehicle site intended for the placement of a recreational vehicle. (551) (CMP-7)
Reference Grounding Point. The ground bus of the panel- board or isolated power system panel supplying the patient care room. [99:3.3.158] (517) (CMP-15)
Relative Analgesia. A state of scdation and partial block of pain perception produced in a patient by the inhalation of concen- trations of nitrous oxide insufficient to produce loss of consciousness (conscious sedation). (517) (CMP-15)
Relay, Automatic Load Control. (Automatic Load Control Relay) An emergency lighting control device used to set normally dimmed or normally-off switched emergency lighting equipment to full power illumination levels in the event of a loss of the normal supply by bypassing the dimming/switching controls, and to return the emergency lighting equipment to normal status when the device senses the normal supply has been restored. (700) (CMP-13)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL. 924, Emergency Lighting and Power Equipment, for the requirements covering automatic load control relays.
Remote-Control Circuit. Any electrical circuit that controls any other circuit through a relay or an equivalent device. (CMP-3)
Remote Disconnect Control. An electric device and circuit that controls a disconnecting means through a relay or equivalent device. (645) (CMP-12)
Resistance Heating Element. A specific separate clement to generate heat that is stand-alone, externally attached to, embedded in, integrated with, or internal to the object to be hcated. (CMP-17)
Informational Note: Tubular heaters, strip heaters, heating cable, heating tape, heating blankets, immersion heaters, and heating panels are examples of resistance heaters.
Restricted Industrial Establishment [as applied to hazardous (classified) locations]. Establishment with restricted public access, where the conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation. (CMP-14)
Retrofit Kit. A complete subassembly of parts and devices for field conversion of utilization equipment. (CMP-18)
Retrofit Kit, General Use. (General Use Retrofit Kit) A kit consisting of primary parts, which does not include all the parts for a complete subassembly but includes a list of required parts and installation instructions to complete the subassembly in the field. (600) (CMP-18)
Retrofit Kit, Sign Specific. (Sign Specific Retrofit Kit) A kit consisting of the necessary parts and hardware to allow for field installation in a host sign, based on the included installation instructions. (600) (CMP-18)
Reverse Polarity Protection (Backfeed Protection). A system that prevents two interconnected power supplies, connected positive to negative, from passing current from one power source into a second power source. (393) (CMP-18)
Ride Device. A device or combination of devices that carry, convey, or direct a person (s) over or through a fixed or restric- ted course within a defined arca for the primary purpose of amusement or entertainment. (522) (CMP-15)
Riser Cable, Cable Routing Assemblies, and Raceways. Cables, cable routing assemblies, and raceways that have fire-resistant characteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor and are suitable for use in a vertical run in a shaft or from floor to floor. (722) (CMP-3)
Safe Zone. Low probability of damage other than a slight swel- ling of the capacitor casc, as identified by the case rupture curve of the capacitor. (460) (CMP-11)
Safety Circuit. The part of a control system containing one or more devices that perform a safety-related function. [79:3.3.95] (CMP-12)
Informational Note: See NFPA 79-2021, Electrical Standard for Industrial Machinery. Safety-related control system and safety interlock circuit are common terms that can be used to refer to the safety circuit in other standards. The safety circuit can include hard- wired, communication, and software-related components.
Sealable Equipment. Equipment enclosed in a case or cabinet that is provided with a means of scaling or locking so that live parts cannot be made accessible without opening the enclo- surc. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: The equipment may or may not be opera- ble without opening the enclosure.
Sealed [as applied to hazardous (classified) locations]. Constructed such that equipment is scaled effectively against entry of an external atmosphere and is not opened during normal operation or for any maintenance activities. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Sealed, Hermetically. (Hermetically Sealed) Scaled against the entrance of an external atmosphere, such that the scal is made by fusion of metal to metal, ceramic to metal, or glass to metal. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 121201, Nonincendive Electri- cal Equipment for Use in Class I and II, Division 2 and Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for additional information.
Section Sign. A sign or outline lighting system, shipped as subassemblies, that requires field-installed wiring between the subassemblies to complete the overall sign. The subassemblies arc cither physically joined to form a single sign unit or are installed as separate remote parts of an overall sign. (600) (CMP-18)
70-56
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Selected Receptacles. A minimal number of receptacles selec- ted by the health care facility's governing body as necessary to provide essential patient care and facility services during loss of normal power. [99:3.3.164] (517) (CMP-15)
Self-Contained Therapeutic Tubs or Hydrotherapeutic Tanks. A factory-fabricated unit consisting of a therapeutic tub or hydrotherapeutic tank with all water-circulating, heating, and control cquipment integral to the unit. Equipment may include pumps, air blowers, heaters, light controls, sanitizer generators, and so forth. (680) (CMP-17)
Separable Power Supply Cable Assembly. A flexible cord or cable, including ungrounded, grounded, and equipment grounding conductors, provided with a cord connector, an attachment plug, and all other fittings, grommets, or devices installed for the purpose of delivering energy from the source of electrical supply to the truck or transport refrigerated unit (TRU) flanged surface inlet. (626) (CMP-12)
Separately Derived System. An electrical power supply output, other than a service, having no direct connection(s) to circuit conductors of any other electrical source other than those established by grounding and bonding connections. (CMP-5)
Service. The conductors and equipment connecting the serv- ing utility to the wiring system of the premises served. (CMP-10)
Service Conductors. The conductors from the service point to the service disconnecting means. (CMP-10)
Service Conductors, Overhead. (Overhead Service Conduc- tors) The overhead conductors between the service point and the first point of connection to the service-entrance conductors at the building or other structure. (CMP-10)
Service Conductors, Underground. (Underground Service Conductors) The underground conductors between the serv- ice point and the first point of connection to the service- entrance conductors in a terminal box, meter, or other enclosure, inside or outside the building wall. (GMP-10)
Informational Note: Where there is no terminal box, meter, or other enclosure, the point of connection is considered to be the point of entrance of the service conductors into the building.
Service Drop. The overhead conductors between the serving utility and the service point. (CMP-10)
Service-Entrance Conductor Assembly. Multiple single- insulated conductors twisted together without an overall cover- ing, other than an optional binder intended only to keep the conductors together. (CMP-6)
Service-Entrance Conductors. The service conductors between the terminals of the service equipment to the service drop, overhead service conductors, service lateral, or underground service conductors. (CMP-10)
Informational Note: Where service equipment is located outside the building walls, there could be no service-entrance conduc- tors or they might be entirely outside the building.
Service Equipment. The necessary equipment, consisting of a circuit breaker(s) or switch(cs) and fuse(s) and their accesso- rics, connected to the serving utility and intended to constitute the main control and disconnect of the serving utility. (CMP-10)
Service Equipment, Mobile Home. (Mobile Home Service Equipment) The equipment containing the disconnecting means, overcurrent protective devices, and receptacles or other means for connecting a mobile home feeder assembly. (550) (CMP-7)
Service Lateral. The underground conductors between the utility electric supply system and the service point. (CMP-10)
Service Point. The point of connection between the facilities of the serving utility and the premises wiring. (CMP-10)
Informational Note: The service point can be described as the point of demarcation between where the serving utility ends and the premises wiring begins. The serving utility generally specifies the location of the service point based on the conditions of serv- ice.
Servicing. The process of following a manufacturer's set of instructions or applicable industry standards to analyze, adjust, or perform prescribed actions upon equipment with the inten- tion to preserve or restore the operational performance of the equipment. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Servicing often encompasses maintenance and repair activities.
Shore Power. The electrical equipment required to power a floating vessel including, but not limited to, the receptacle and cords. (555) (CMP-7)
Shoreline. The farthest extent of standing water under the applicable conditions that determine the electrical datum plane for the specified body of water. (682) (CMP-17)
Short Circuit. An abnormal connection (including an arc) of relatively low impedance, whether made accidentally or inten- tionally, between two or more points of different potential. (CMP-10)
Short-Circuit Current Rating. The prospective symmetrical fault current at a nominal voltage to which an apparatus or system is able to be connected without sustaining damage exceeding defined acceptance criteria. (CMP-10)
Show Window. Any window, including windows above doors, used or designed to be used for the display of goods or advertis- ing material, whether it is fully or partly enclosed or entirely open at the rear and whether or not it has a platform raised higher than the street floor level. (CMP-2)
Sign, Photovoltaic (PV) Powered (PV Powered Sign). [Photo- voltaic (PV) Powered Sign] A complete sign powered by solar energy consisting of all components and subassemblies for installation cither as an off-grid stand-alone, on-grid interactive, or non-grid interactive system. (600) (CMP-18)
Sign Body. A portion of a sign that may provide protection from the weather but is not an electrical enclosure. (600) (CMP-18)
Signaling Circuit. Any electrical circuit that energizes signaling equipment. (CMP-3)
Simple Apparatus. An electrical component or combination of components of simple construction with well-defined electrical parameters that does not generate more than 1.5 volts, 100 mA, and 25 mW, or a passive component that does not dissipate more than 1.3 watts and is compatible with the intrinsic safety of the circuit in which it is used. (CMP-14)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-57
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Informational Note No. 1: The following are examples of simple apparatus:
(1) Passive components; for example, switches, instrument connectors, plugs and sockets, junction boxes, resistance temperature devices, and simple semiconductor devices such as LEDs
(2) Sources of stored energy consisting of single components in simple circuits with well-defined parameters; for exam- ple, capacitors or inductors, whose values are considered when determining the overall safety of the system
(3) Sources of generated energy; for example, thennocouples and photocells, that do not generate more than 1.5 volts, 100 mA, and 25 mW
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 913, Intrinsically Safe Apparatus and Associated Apparatus for Use in Class I, II, and III, Division 1, Hazardous (Classified) Locations, and ANSI/ UL 60079-11, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 11: Equipment Protection by Intrinsir Safety "i", for additional information.
Single-Pole Separable Connector. A device that is installed at the ends of portable, flexible, single-conductor cable that is used to establish connection or disconnection between two cables or one cable and a single-pole, panel-mounted separable connector. (CMP-18)
Site-Isolating Device. A pole-mounted disconnecting means installed at the distribution point for the purposes of isolation, system maintenance, emergency disconnection, or connection of optional standby systems. (547) (CMP-7)
Skeleton Tubing. Ncon tubing that is itself the sign or outline lighting and is not attached to an enclosure or sign body. (600) (CMP-18)
Slip. A berthing space between or adjacent to piers, wharves, or docks; the water arcas associated with boat occupation. [303:3.3.21] (555) (CMP-7)
Informational Note: See the definition of Berth for additional information.
Solid-State Phase-Control Dimmer. A solid-state dimmer where the wave shape of the steady-state current does not follow the wave shape of the applied voltage such that the wave shape is nonlincar. (CMP-15)
Solid-State Sine Wave Dimmer. A solid-state dimmer where the wave shape of the steady-state current follows the wave shape of the applied voltage such that the wave shape is lincar. (CMP-15)
Spa or Hot Tub. A hydromassage pool, or tub for recreational or therapeutic usc, not located in health care facilities, designed for immersion of users, and usually having a filter, heater, and motor-driven blower. It may be installed indoors or outdoors, on the ground or supporting structure, or in the ground or supporting structure. Generally, they are not designed or intended to have its contents drained or discharged after cach usc. (680) (CMP-17)
Spa or Hot Tub, Packaged Equipment Assembly. (Packaged Spa or Hot Tub Equipment Assembly) A factory-fabricated unit consisting of water-circulating, heating, and control equipment mounted on a common base, intended to operate a spa or hot tub. Equipment can include pumps, air blowers, heaters, lights, controls, sanitizer generators, and so forth. (680) (CMP-17)
Spa or Hot Tub, Self-Contained. (Self-Contained Spa or Hot Tub) Factory-fabricated unit consisting of a spa or hot tub vessel with all water-circulating, heating, and control cquip-
ment integral to the unit. Equipment can include pumps, air blowers, heaters, lights, controls, sanitizer generators, and so forth. (680) (CMP-17)
Spa or Hot Tub, Storable. (Storable Spa or Hot Tub) Spas or hot tubs installed entirely on or above the ground that are intended to be stored when not in use and are designed for case of relocation. (680) (CMP-17)
Space. A portion of the health care facility designated by the health care facility's governing body that serves a specific purpose. [99:3.3.171] (517) (CMP-15)
Special Permission. The written consent of the authority having jurisdiction. (CMP-1)
Special Protection "s". Type of protection that permits design, assessment, and testing of equipment that cannot be fully assessed within a recognized type of protection or combination of recognized types of protection because of functional or operational limitations, but that can be demonstrated to provide the necessary equipment protection level (EPL). (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-33, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 33: Equipment Protection by Special Protection "s", for additional information.
Special-Purpose Multi-Circuit Cable System. A portable branch-circuit distribution system consisting of one or more trunk cables and optional breakout assemblies or multi-circuit outlet enclosures. (520) (CMP-15)
Spider (Cable Splicing Block). A device that contains busbars that are insulated from each other for the purpose of splicing or distributing power to portable cables and cords that are terminated with single-pole busbar connectors. (530) (CMP-15)
Spin Down. A shutdown condition of the FESS, where energy is being dissipated and the flywheel rotor is slowing down to a stop. (706) (CMP-13)
Informational Note: A complete stop of a flywheel rotor cannot occur instantaneously because of the high kinetic energy of the rotor, but rather occurs over time as a result of friction forces acting on the rotor.
Splash Pad. A fountain intended for recreational use by pedes- trians and designed to contain no more than 25 mm (1 in.) of water depth. This definition does not include showers intended for hygienic rinsing prior to use of a pool, spa, or other water feature. (680) (CMP-17)
Spray Area. Any fully enclosed, partly enclosed, or unenclosed arca in which flammable or combustible vapors, mists, residues, dusts, or deposits are present due to the operation of spray processes, including:
(1) any arca in the direct path of a spray application process;
(2) the interior of a spray booth, spray room, or limited finishing workstation, as herein defined;
(3) the interior of any exhaust plenum, eliminator section, or scrubber section;
(4) the interior of any exhaust duct or exhaust stack leading from a spray application process;
(5) the interior of any air recirculation path up to and includ- ing recirculation particulate filters;
(6) any solvent concentrator (pollution abatement) unit or solvent recovery (distillation) unit; and
70-58
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
CHAPTER 1
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
(7) the inside of a membrane enclosure.
The following are not part of the spray arca:
(1) fresh air make-up units;
(2) air supply ducts and air supply plenums;
(3) recirculation air supply ducts downstream of recirculation particulate filters; and
(4) exhaust ducts from solvent concentrator (pollution abate- ment) units. [33:3.3.2.3] (CMP-14)
Informational Note No. 1: Unenclosed spray areas are locations outside of buildings or are localized operations within a larger room or space. Such areas are normally provided with some local vapor extraction/ventilation system. In automated opera- tions, the area limits are the maximum area in the direct path of spray operations. In manual operations, the area limits are the maximumn area of spray when aimed at 90 degrees to the appli- cation surface.
Informational Note No. 2: See definitions for limited finishing workstation and membrane enclosure for additional information.
Spray Area, Outdoor. (Outdoor Spray Area) A spray arca that is outside the confines of a building or that has a canopy or roof that does not limit the dissipation of the heat of a fire or dispersion of flammable vapors and does not restrict fire- fighting access and control. For the purpose of this standard, an outdoor spray arca can be treated as an unenclosed spray arca as defined in this Code. [33:3.3.2.3.1] (CMP-14)
Spray Area, Unenclosed. (Unenclosed Spray Area) Any spray arca that is not confined by a limited finishing workstation, spray booth, or spray room, as herein defined. [33:3.3.2.3.2] (CMP-14)
Spray Booth. A power-ventilated enclosure for a spray applica- tion operation or process that confines and limits the escape of the material being sprayed, including vapors, mists, dusts, and residues that are produced by the spraying operation and conducts or directs these materials to an exhaust system. [33:3.3.19] (CMP-14)
Informational Note: A spray booth is an enclosure or insert within a larger room used for spraying, coating, and/or dipping applications. A spray booth can be fully enclosed or have open front or face and can include a separate conveyor entrance and exit. The spray booth is provided with a dedicated ventilation exhaust with supply air from the larger room or from a dedica- ted air supply.
Spray Room. A power-ventilated fully enclosed room with a specified fire resistance rating used exclusively for open spray- ing of flammable or combustible materials. [33:3.3.20] (CMP-14)
Stage Effect (Special Effect). An electrical or electromechani- cal piece of equipment used to simulate a distinctive visual or audible effect, such as a wind machine, lightning simulator, or sunset projector. (CMP-15)
Stage Equipment. Equipment at any location on the premises integral to the stage production including, but not limited to, equipment for lighting, audio, special effects, rigging, motion control, projection, or video. (520) (CMP-15)
Stage Lighting Hoist. A motorized lifting device that contains a mounting position for one or more luminaires, with wiring devices for connection of luminaires to branch circuits, and integral flexible cables to allow the luminaires to travel over the lifting range of the hoist while energized. (520) (CMP-15)
Stage Property. An article or object used as a visual element in a motion picture or television production, except painted back- grounds (scenery) and costumes. (530) (CMP-15)
Stage Set. A specific arca set up with temporary scenery and properties designed and arranged for a particular scene in a motion picture or television production. (CMP-15)
Stage Switchboard, Fixed. (Fixed Stage Switchboard) A perma- nently installed switchboard, panelboard, or rack containing dimmers or relays with associated overcurrent protective devi- ces, or overcurrent protective devices alone, used primarily to feed stage equipment. (CMP-15)
Stage Switchboard, Portable. (Portable Stage Switchboard) A portable rack or pack containing dimmers or relays with as. soci- ated overcurrent protective devices, or overcurrent protective devices alone, used to feed stage equipment. (520) (CMP-15)
Stand Lamp. A portable stand that contains a general-purpose luminaire or lampholder with guard for the purpose of provid- ing general illumination on a stage, in an auditorium, or in a studio. (520) (CMP-15)
Stand-Alone System. A system that is not connected to an elec- tric power production and distribution network. (CMP-4)
Stationary (as applied to equipment). Equipment that is not moved from one place to another in normal usc. (680) (CMP-17)
Storage, Dry Stack. (Dry Stack Storage) A facility, cither covered or uncovered, constructed of horizontal and vertical structural members designed to allow placement of small boats in defined slots arranged both horizontally and vertically. [303:3.3.24.2] (555) (CMP-7)
Stored-Energy Power Supply System (SEPSS). A complete functioning EPSS powered by a stored-energy electrical source. (CMP-13)
Stranding, Compact. (Compact Stranding) A conductor strand- ing method in which cach layer of strands is pressed together to minimize the gaps between the strands so the overall diame- ter of the finished conductor is less than a concentric stranded conductor and less than a compressed stranded conductor. (CMP-6)
Stranding, Compressed. (Compressed Stranding) A conductor stranding method in which the outer layer of strands is pressed together so the overall diameter of the finished conductor is less than a concentric stranded conductor but greater than a compact stranded conductor. (CMP-6)
Stranding, Concentric. (Concentric Stranding) A conductor consisting of a straight central strand surrounded by one or more layers of strands, helically laid in a geometric pattern. (CMP-6)
Strip Light. A luminaire with multiple lamps arranged in a row. (520) (CMP-15)
Structure. That which is built or constructed, other than equipment. (CMP-1)
Structure, Relocatable. (Relocatable Structure) A factory- assembled structure or structures transportable in one or more sections that are built on a permanent chassis and designed to be used as other than a dwelling unit without a permanent foundation. (545) (CMP-7)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-59
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
Informational Note: Examples of relocatable structures are those units that are equipped for sleeping purposes only, contractor's and other on-site offices, construction job dormito- ries, studio dressing rooms, banks, clinics, stores, shower facili- ties and restrooms, training centers, or for the display or demonstration of merchandise or machines.
Subassembly. Component parts or a segment of a sign, retrofit kit, or outline lighting system that, when assembled, forms a complete unit or product. (600) (CMP-18)
Substation. An assemblage of equipment (c.g., switches, inter- rupting devices, circuit breakers, buses, and transformers) through which electric energy is passed for the purpose of distribution, switching, or modifying its characteristics. (CMP-9)
Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA). An clcc- tronic system that provides monitoring and controls for the operation of the critical operations power system. (CMP-13)
Informational Note: This can include the fire alann system, security system, control of the HVAC, the start/stop/monitoring of the power supplies and electrical distribution system, annun- ciation and communications equipment to emergency person- nel, facility occupants, and remote operators.
Support Areas. Arcas, other than fixed production offices, intended to support production and where image capture will not take place. Such arcas include, but are not limited to, mobile production offices, storage, and workspaces; vehicles and trailers for cast, makeup, hair, lighting, grip, wardrobe, props, catering, and craft services; and portable restrooms. (530) (CMP-15)
Surge Arrester. A protective device for limiting surge voltages by discharging or bypassing surge current; it also prevents continued flow of follow current while remaining capable of repeating these functions. (CMP-10)
Surge-Protective Device (SPD). A protective device for limiting transient voltages by diverting or limiting surge current; it also prevents continued flow of follow current while remaining capable of repeating these functions and is designated as follows:
(1) Type 1: Permanently connected SPDs intended for instal- lation between the secondary of the service transformer and the line side of the service disconnect overcurrent device
(2) Type 2: Permanently connected SPDs intended for instal- lation on the load side of the service disconnect overcur- rent device, including SPDs located at the branch panel
(3) Type 3: Point of utilization SPDs
(4) Type 4: Component SPDs, including discrete compo- nents, as well as assemblies. (CMP-10)
Informational Note: See UL 1449, Standard for Surge Protective Devices, for further information on SPDs.
Suspended Ceiling Grid. A system that serves as a support for a finished ceiling surface and other utilization equipment. (393) (CMP-18)
Switch, General-Use. (General-Use Switch) A switch intended for use in general distribution and branch circuits. It is rated in amperes, and it is capable of interrupting its rated current at its rated voltage. (CMP-9)
Switch, General-Use Snap. (General-Use Snap Switch) A form of general-use switch constructed so that it can be installed in
device boxes or on box covers, or otherwise used in conjunc- tion with wiring systems recognized by this Code. (CMP-9)
Switch, Isolating. (Isolating Switch) A switch intended for isolating an electrical circuit from the source of power. It has no interrupting rating, and it is intended to be operated only after the circuit has been opened by some other means. (CMP-9)
Switch, Motor-Circuit. (Motor-Circuit Switch) A switch rated in horsepower that is capable of interrupting the maximum oper- ating overload current of a motor of the same horsepower rating as the switch at the rated voltage. (CMP-11)
Switchboard. A large single panel, frame, or assembly of panels on which are mounted on the face, back, or both, switches, overcurrent and other protective devices, buses, and usually instruments.(CMP-9)
Informational Note: These assemblies can be accessible from the rear or side as well as from the front and are not intended to be installed in cabinets.
Switchgear. An assembly completely enclosed on all sides and top with sheet metal (except for ventilating openings and inspection windows) and containing primary power circuit switching, interrupting devices, or both, with buses and connections. The assembly may include control and auxiliary devices. Access to the interior of the enclosure is provided by doors, removable covers, or both. (CMP-9)
Informational Note: All switchgear subject to NEC requirements is metal enclosed. Switchgear rated below 1000 V or less may be identified as "low-voltage power circuit breaker switchgear." Switchgear rated over 1000 V may be identified as "metal- enclosed switchgear" or "metal-clad switchgear." Switchgear is available in non-arc-resistant or arc-resistant constructions.
Switching Device(as applied to equipment rated over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal). A device designed to close, open, or both, one or more electrical circuits. (CMP-9)
Cutout. An assembly of a fuse support with either a fuscholder, fuse carrier, or disconnecting blade. The fuscholder or fuse carrier may include a conducting element (fuse link) or may act as the disconnecting blade by the inclusion of a nonfusible member.
Disconnecting Switch (or Isolating Switch). A mechanical switching device used for isolating a circuit or equipment from a source of power.
Interrupter Switch. A switching device capable of making, carry- ing, and interrupting specified currents.
Oil-Filled Cutout. A cutout in which all or part of the fuse support and its fuse link or disconnecting blade is mounted in oil with complete immersion of the contacts and the fusible portion of the conducting clement (fuse link) so that arc inter- ruption by severing of the fuse link or by opening of the contacts will occur under oil.
Oil Switch. A switching device having contacts that operate under oil (or askarel or other suitable liquid).
Regulator Bypass Switch. A switching device or combination of switching devices designed to bypass equipment used to control voltage levels or related circuit characteristics.
System Isolation Equipment. A redundantly monitored, remotely operated contactor-isolating system, packaged to
70-60
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 - DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
provide the disconnection/isolation function, capable of verifi- able operation from multiple remote locations by means of lockout switches, cach having the capability of being padlocked in the "off" (open) position. (430) (CMP-11)
Tap Conductor. A conductor, other than a service conductor, that has overcurrent protection ahead of its point of supply that exceeds the value permitted for similar conductors that are protected as described elsewhere in 240.4. (240) (CMP-10)
Task Illumination. Provisions for the minimum lighting required to carry out necessary tasks in the arcas described in 517.34(A), including safe access to supplies and equipment and access to exits. [99:3.3.177] (517) (CMP-15)
Technical Power System. An electrical distribution system where the equipment grounding conductor is isolated from the premises grounded conductor and the premises equipment grounding conductor except at a single grounded termination point within a branch-circuit panelboard, at the originating (main breaker) branch-circuit panelboard or at the premises grounding electrode. (640) (CMP-12)
Temporary Equipment. Portable wiring and equipment inten- ded for use with events of a transient or temporary nature where all equipment is presumed to be removed at the conclu- sion of the event. (640) (CMP-12)
Terminal (as applied to batteries). That part of a cell, container, or battery to which an external connection is made (commonly identified as post, pillar, pole, or terminal post). (CMP-13)
Thermal Protector (as applied to motors). A protective device for assembly as an integral part of a motor or motor- compressor that, when properly applied, protects the motor against dangerous overheating due to overload and failure to start. (CMP-11)
Informational Note: The thermal protector may consist of one or more sensing elements integral with the motor or motor- compressor and an external control device.
Thermal Resistivity. The heat transfer capability through a substance by conduction. (CMP-6)
Informational Note: Thermal resistivity is the reciprocal of ther- mal conductivity and is designated Rho, which is expressed in the units -cm/W.
Thermally Protected (as applied to motors). A motor or motor-compressor that is provided with a thermal protector. (CMP-11)
Top Shield. A grounded metal shield covering under-carpet components of the flat conductor cable (Type FCC) system for the purposes of providing protection against physical damage. (324) (CMP-6)
Tower. A pole or other structure that supports a wind turbine. (694) (CMP-4)
Transfer Switch. An automatic or nonautomatic device for transferring one or more load conductor connections from one power source to another. (CMP-13)
Transfer Switch, Branch-Circuit Emergency Lighting. (Branch- Circuit Emergency Lighting Transfer Switch) A device connec- ted on the load side of a branch-circuit overcurrent protective device that transfers only emergency lighting loads from the
normal power source to an emergency power source. (700) (CMP-13)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1008, Transfer Switch Equip- ment, for infonnation covering branch-circuit emergency light- ing transfer switches.
Transfer Switch, Bypass Isolation. (Bypass Isolation Transfer Switch) A manual, nonautomatic, or automatic operated device used in conjunction with a transfer switch to provide a means of directly connecting load conductors to a power source and of disconnecting the transfer switch. (CMP-13)
Transfer Switch, Meter-Mounted. (Meter-Mounted Transfer Switch) A transfer switch connected between the utility meter and the meter basc. (CMP-13)
Informational Note: Meter-mounted transfer switches can plug into the meter base. Transfer switches that incorporate the meter base in the transfer equipment assembly are not consid- ered meter-mounted transfer switches.
Transformer. Equipment, cither single-phase or polyphase, that uses electromagnetic induction to convert current and voltage in a primary circuit into current and voltage in a secon- dary circuit. (CMP-9)
Transition Assembly. An assembly to facilitate connection of the flat conductor cable (Type FCC) system to other wiring systems, incorporating (1) a means of electrical interconnec- tion and (2) a suitable box or covering for providing electrical safety and protection against physical damage. (324) (CMP-6)
Transport Refrigerated Unit (TRU). A trailer or container, with integrated cooling or heating, or both, used for the purpose of maintaining the desired environment of temperature-sensitive goods or products. (626) (CMP-12)
Transportable. X-ray equipment that is to be installed in a vehicle or that may be readily disassembled for transport in a vehicle. (660) (CMP-12)
Truck. A motor vehicle designed for the transportation of goods, services, and equipment. (626) (CMP-12)
Truck Coupler. A truck flanged surface inlet and mating cord connector. (626) (CMP-12)
Truck Flanged Surface Inlet. The device(s) on the truck into which the connector(s) is inserted to provide electric energy and other services. This device is part of the truck coupler. For the purposes of this article, the truck flanged surface inlet is considered to be part of the truck and not part of the electri- ficd truck parking space supply equipment. (626) (CMP-12)
Trunk Cable. A portable extension cable containing six or more branch circuits, a male multipole plug, and a female multipole receptacle. (520) (CMP-15)
Tubing, Electrical Metallic (EMT). (Electrical Metallic Tubing) An unthreaded thinwall raceway of circular cross section designed for the physical protection and routing of conductors and cables and for use as an equipment grounding conductor when installed utilizing appropriate fittings. (CMP-8)
Tubing, Electrical Nonmetallic (ENT). (Electrical Nonmetallic Tubing) A nonmetallic, pliable, corrugated raceway of circular cross section with integral or associated couplings, connectors, and fittings for the installation of electrical conductors. It is composed of a material that is resistant to moisture and chemi- cal atmospheres and is flame retardant.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-61
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 100 -DEFINITIONS
CHAPTER 1
A pliable raceway is a raceway that can be bent by hand with a reasonable force but without other assistance. (CMP-8)
Tubing, Flexible Metallic (FMT). (Flexible Metallic Tubing) A metal raceway that is circular in cross section, flexible, and liquidtight without a nonmetallic jacket. (CMP-8)
Two-Fer. An assembly containing one male plug and two female cord connectors used to connect two loads to one branch circuit. (520) (CMP-15)
Type of Protection "n". Type of protection where electrical equipment, in normal operation, is not capable of igniting a surrounding explosive gas atmosphere and a fault capable of causing ignition is not likely to occur. (CMP-14)
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-15, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 15: Equipment Protection by Type of Protection "n", for additional information.
Ungrounded. Not connected to ground or to a conductive body that extends the ground connection. (CMP-5)
Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). A device or system that provides quality and continuity of ac power through the use of a stored-energy device as the backup power source for a period of time when the normal power supply is incapable of perform- ing acceptably. (CMP-13)
Unit Equipment. A battery-cquipped emergency luminaire that illuminates only as part of the emergency illumination system and is not illuminated when the normal supply is availa- blc. (CMP-13)
Utilization Equipment. Equipment that utilizes electric energy for electronic, electromechanical, chemical, heating, lighting, or similar purposes. (CMP-1)
Valve Actuator Motor (VAM) Assemblies. A manufactured as.sembly, used to operate a valve, consisting of an actuator motor and other components such as motor controllers, torque switches, limit switches, and overload protection. (430) (CMP-11)
Informational Note: VAMs typically have short-time duty and high-torque characteristics.
Ventilated. Provided with a means to permit circulation of air sufficient to remove an excess of heat, fumes, or vapors. (CMP-14)
Vessel. A container such as a barrel, drum, or tank for holding fluids or other material. (CMP-17)
Volatile Flammable Liquid. A flammable liquid having a flash point below 38 (100°F), or a flammable liquid whose temperature is above its flash point, or a Class II combustible liquid that has a vapor pressure not exceeding 276 kPa (40 psia) at 38° (100°F) and whose temperature is above its flash point. (CMP-14)
Voltage (of a circuit). The greatest root-mean-square (rms) (effective) difference of potential between any two conductors of the circuit concerned. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Some systems, such as 3-phase 4-wire, single-phase 3-wire, and 3-wire direct current, may have various circuits of various voltages.
Voltage, High. (High Voltage) A potential difference of more than 1000 volts, nominal. (CMP-9)
Informational Note: Circuits and equipment rated at potential differences of more than 1000 volts and up to 52 kV are also commonly referred to as medium voltage.
Voltage, Low. (Low Voltage). An electromotive force rated 24 volts, nominal, or less. (551) (CMP-7)
Voltage, Nominal. (Nominal Voltage) A nominal value as.signed to a circuit or system for the purpose of conveniently designat- ing its voltage class (c.g., 120/240 volts, 480Y/277 volts, 600 volts). (CMP-1)
Informational Note No. 1: The actual voltage at which a circuit operates can vary from the nominal within a range that permits satisfactory operation of equipment.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI C84.1-2011, Voltage Ratings for Electric Power Systems and Equipment (60 Hz).
Voltage, Nominal (as applied to battery or cell).(Nominal Volt- age) The value assigned to a cell or battery of a given voltage class for the purpose of convenient designation. The operating voltage of the cell or battery may vary above or below this value. (CMP-13)
Informational Note: The most common nominal cell voltages are 2 volts per cell for the lead-acid batteries, 1.2 volts per cell for alkali batteries, and 3.2 to 3.8 volts per cell for Li-ion batter- ies. Nominal voltages might vary with different chemistries.
Voltage to Ground. For grounded circuits, the voltage between the given conductor and that point or conductor of the circuit that is grounded; for ungrounded circuits, the greatest voltage between the given conductor and any other conductor of the circuit. (CMP-1)
Watertight. Constructed so that moisture will not enter the enclosure under specified test conditions. (CMP-1)
Weatherproof. Constructed or protected so that exposure to the weather will not interfere with successful operation. (CMP-1)
Informational Note: Rainproof, raintight, or watertight equip- ment can fulfill the requirements for weatherproof where vary- ing weather conditions other than wetness, such as snow, ice, dust, or temperature extremes, are not a factor.
Wharf. A structure at the shoreline that has a platform built along and parallel to a body of water with either an open deck or a superstructure. [307:3.3.28] (555) (CMP-7)
Wind Turbine. A mechanical device that converts wind energy to electrical energy. (CMP-4)
Wind Turbine Output Circuit. (Turbine Output Circuit) The circuit conductors between the internal components of a wind turbine (which might include an alternator, integrated recti- ficr, controller, and/or inverter) and other equipment. (694) (CMP-4)
Wire. A factory assemblyof one or more insulated conductors without an overall covering. (805) (CMP-16)
Wireless Power Transfer (WPT). The transfer of electrical energy from a power source to an electrical load via magnetic fields by a contactless means between a primary device and a secondary device. (625) (CMP-12)
Wireless Power Transfer Equipment (WPTE). Equipment installed specifically for the purpose of transferring energy between the premises wiring and the electric vehicle without physical electrical contact. (625) (CMP-12)
70-62
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
110.3
ARTICLE 110-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
Informational Note No. 1: The general form of WPTE consists of two physical packages: a control box and a primary pad.
Informational Note No. 2: Electric vehicle power export equip- ment and wireless power transfer equipment are sometimes contained in one set of equipment, sometimes referred to as a bidirectional WPTE.
Wireways, Metal. (Metal Wireways) Sheet metal troughs with hinged or removable covers for housing and protecting electri- cal wires and cable and in which conductors are laid in place after the raceway has been installed as a complete system. (CMP-8)
Wireways, Nonmetallic. (Nonmetallic Wireways) Flame- retardant, nonmetallic troughs with removable covers for hous- ing and protecting electrical wires and cables in which conductors are laid in place after the raceway has been instal- lcd as a complete system. (CMP-8)
Work Surface. A fixed, stationary, or portable surface typically intended for dry use and for tasks other than food preparation, personal lavation, or laundering that presents an incidental risk of spillage of smaller quantities of beverages and other liquids upon outlets mounted directly on or recessed in the surface. (CMP-2)
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 111, Outline of Investigation for Multioutlet Assemblies, and UL 962A, Furniture Power Distribution Units, which establish the performance evaluation criteria and construction criteria.
Informational Note No. 2: See 406.5(F), 406.5(G) (1), and 406.5(H) for information on receptacles for work surfaces distinguished from receptacles for counters and countertops.
Zone. A physically identifiable arca (such as barriers or separa- tion by distance) within an information technology cquipment room, with dedicated power and cooling systems for the infor- mation technology equipment or systems. (645) (CMP-12)
ARTICLE 110 General Requirements for Electrical Installations
Part I. General
110.1 Scope. This article covers general requirements for the examination and approval, installation and use, access to and spaces about electrical conductors and equipment; enclosures intended for personnel entry; and tunnel installations.
Informational Note: See Informative Annex J for information regarding ADA accessibility design.
110.2 Approval. The conductors and equipment required or permitted by this Codeshall be acceptable only if approved.
Informational Note: See 90.7, Examination of Equipment for Safety, and 110.3, Examination, Identification, Installation, and Use of Equipment. See definitions of Approved, Identified, Labeled, and Listed.
110.3 Examination, Identification, Installation, Use, and List- ing (Product Certification) of Equipment.
(A) Examination. In judging equipment, considerations such as the following shall be evaluated:
(1) Suitability for installation and use in conformity with this Code
Informational Note No. 1: Equipment may be new, recondi- tioned, refurbished, or remanufactured.
Informational Note No. 2: Suitability of equipment use may be identified by a description marked on or provided with a prod- uct to identify the suitability of the product for a specific purpose, environment, or application. Special conditions of use or other limitations and other pertinent information may be marked on the equipment, included in the product instructions, or included in the appropriate listing and labeling infonnation. Suitability of equipment may be evidenced by listing or labeling.
(2) Mechanical strength and durability, including, for parts designed to enclose and protect other equipment, the adequacy of the protection thus provided
(3) Wirc-bending and connection space
(4) Electrical insulation
(5) Heating effects under normal conditions of use and also under abnormal conditions likely to arise in service
(6) Arcing effects
(7) Classification by type, size, voltage, current capacity, and specific use
(8): Cybersecurity for network-connected life safety equip- ment to address its ability to withstand unauthorized updates and malicious attacks while continuing to perform its intended safety functionality
Informational Note No. 3: See the ANSI/ISA 62443 series of standards for industrial automation and control systems, the UL 2900 series of standards for software cybersecurity for network-connectable products, and UL. 5500, Standard for Remote Software Update, which are standards that provide frameworks to mitigate current and future security cybersecurity vulnerabilities and address software integrity in systems of electrical equip- ment.
(9) Other factors that contribute to the practical safeguard- ing of persons using or likely to come in contact with the equipment
(B) Installation and Use. Equipment that is listed, labeled, or both, or identified for a usc shall be installed and used in accordance with any instructions included in the listing, label- ing, or identification.
Informational Note: The installation and use instructions may be provided in the form of printed material, quick response (QR) code, or the address on the internet where users can download the required instructions.
(C) Listing. Product testing, evaluation, and listing (product certification) shall be performed by recognized qualified elec- trical testing laboratories and shall be in accordance with appli- cable product standards recognized as achieving equivalent and effective safety for equipment installed to comply with this Code.
Informational Note: The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) recognizes qualified electrical testing laboratories that perform evaluations, testing, and certification of certain products to ensure that they meet the requirements of both the construction and general industry OSHA electrical standards. If the listing (product certification) is done under a
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-63
110.4
ARTICLE 110-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
qualified electrical testing laboratory program, this listing mark signifies that the tested and certified product complies with the requirements of one or more appropriate product safety test standards.
110.4 Voltages. The voltage considered shall be that at which the circuit operates. The voltage rating of electrical equipment shall not be less than the nominal voltage of a circuit to which it is connected.
110.5 Conductors. Conductors used to carry current shall be of copper, aluminum, or copper-clad aluminum unless other- wisc provided in this Code. If the conductor material is not specified, the sizes given in this Code shall apply to copper conductors. If other materials are used, the size shall be changed accordingly.
110.6 Conductor Sizes. Conductor sizes are expressed in American Wire Gauge (AWG) or in circular mils.
110.7 Wiring Integrity. Completed wiring installations shall be free from short circuits, ground faults, or any connections to ground other than as required or permitted elsewhere in this Code.
110.8 Wiring Methods. Only wiring methods recognized as suitable are included in this Code. The recognized methods of wiring shall be permitted to be installed in any type of building, occupancy, or premises wiring system, except as otherwise provided in this Code.
110.9 Interrupting Rating. Equipment intended to interrupt current at fault levels shall have an interrupting rating at nomi- nal circuit voltage at least equal to the available fault current at the line terminals of the equipment.
Equipment intended to interrupt current at other than fault levels shall have an interrupting rating at nominal circuit volt- age at least equal to the current that must be interrupted.
110.10 Circuit Impedance, Short-Circuit Current Ratings, and Other Characteristics. The overcurrent protective devices, the total impedance, the equipment short-circuit current ratings, and other characteristics of the circuit to be protected shall be selected and coordinated to permit the circuit protective devi- ces used to clear a fault to do so without extensive damage to the electrical equipment of the circuit. This fault shall be assumed to be either between two or more of the circuit conductors or between any circuit conductor and the equip- ment grounding conductor(s) permitted in 250.118. Listed equipment applied in accordance with their listing shall be considered to meet the requirements of this section.
110.11 Deteriorating Agents. Unless identified for use in the operating environment, no conductors or equipment shall be located in damp or wet locations; where exposed to gases, fumes, vapors, liquids, or other agents that have a deteriorating effect on the conductors or equipment; or where exposed to excessive temperatures.
Informational Note No. 1: See 300.6 for protection against corrosion.
Informational Note No. 2: Some cleaning and lubricating compounds can cause severe deterioration of many plastic mate- rials used for insulating and structural applications in equip- ment.
Equipment not identified for outdoor use and equipment identified only for indoor use, such as "dry locations," "indoor
use only," "camp locations," or enclosure Types 1, 2, 5, 12, 12K, and/or 13, shall be protected against damage from the weather during construction.
Informational Note No. 3: See Table 110.28 for appropriate enclosure-type designations.
Informational Note No. 4: See NFPA 5000-2015, Building Construction and Safety Code, the International Building Code (IBC), and the International Residential Code for One- and Two-Family Dwellings (IRC), for information for minimum flood provisions.
110.12 Mechanical Execution of Work. Electrical equipment shall be installed in a professional and skillful manner.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NECA 1-2015, Standard for Good Workmanship in Electrical Construction, and other ANSI-approved installation standards for information on accepted industry prac- tices.
(A) Unused Openings. Unused openings, other than those intended for the operation of equipment, those intended for mounting purposes, or those permitted as part of the design for listed equipment, shall be closed to afford protection substantially equivalent to the wall of the equipment. Where metallic plugs or plates are used with nonmetallic enclosures, they shall be recessed at least 6 mm (1/4 in.) from the outer surface of the enclosure.
(B) Integrity of Electrical Equipment and Connections. Inter- nal parts of electrical equipment, including busbars, wiring terminals, insulators, and other surfaces, shall not be damaged or contaminated by foreign materials such as paint, plaster, cleaners, abrasives, or corrosive residues. There shall be no damaged parts that may adversely affect safe operation or mechanical strength of the equipment such as parts that are broken; bent; cut; or deteriorated by corrosion, chemical action, or overheating.
(C) Cables and Conductors. Cables and conductors installed exposed on the surfaces of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure in such a manner that the cables and conductors will not be damaged by normal building usc. Such cables and conductors shall be secured by hardware including straps, staples, cable tics, hangers, or similar fittings designed and installed so as not to damage the cable. The installation shall also conform with 300.4 and 300.11. Nonmc- tallic cable ties and other nonmetallic cable accessories used to secure and support cables in other spaces used for environ- mental air (plenums) shall be listed as having low smoke and heat release properties.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 90A-2021, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, 4.3.11.2.6.5 and 4.3.11.5.5.6, for discrete combustible components installed in accordance with 300.22(C).
Informational Note No. 2: Paint, plaster, cleaners, abrasives, corrosive residues, or other contaminants may result in an unde- tennined alteration of optical fiber cable properties.
110.13 Mounting and Cooling of Equipment.
(A) Mounting. Electrical equipment shall be firmly secured to the surface on which it is mounted. Wooden plugs driven into holes in masonry, concrete, plaster, or similar materials shall not be used.
(B) Cooling. Electrical equipment that depends on the natu- ral circulation of air and convection principles for cooling of exposed surfaces shall be installed so that room airflow over
70-64
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 110- GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
110.16
such surfaces is not prevented by walls or by adjacent installed equipment. For equipment designed for floor mounting, clear- ance between top surfaces and adjacent surfaces shall be provi- ded to dissipate rising warm air.
Electrical equipment provided with ventilating openings shall be installed so that walls or other obstructions do not prevent the free circulation of air through the equipment.
110.14 Electrical Connections. Because of different character- istics of dissimilar metals, devices such as pressure terminal or pressure splicing connectors and soldering lugs shall be identi- ficd for the material of the conductor and shall be properly installed and used. Conductors of dissimilar metals shall not be intermixed in a terminal or splicing connector where physical contact occurs between dissimilar conductors unless the device is identified for the purpose and conditions of use. Materials such as solder, fluxes, inhibitors, and compounds, where employed, shall be suitable for the use and shall be of a type that will not adversely affect the conductors, installation, or equipment.
Connectors and terminals for conductors more finely stran- ded than Class B and Class C stranding as shown in Chapter 9, Table 10, shall be identified for the specific conductor class or classes.
(A) Terminals. Connection of conductors to terminal parts shall ensure a mechanically secure electrical connection with- out damaging the conductors and shall be made by means of pressure connectors (including set-screw type), solder lugs, or splices to flexible leads. Connection by means of wire-binding screws or studs and nuts that have upturned lugs or the cquiva- lent shall be permitted for 10 AWG or smaller conductors.
Terminals for more than one conductor and terminals used to connect aluminum shall be so identified.
(B) Splices. Conductors shall be spliced or joined with splic- ing devices identified for the use or by brazing, welding, or soldering with a fusible metal or alloy. Soldered splices shall first be spliced or joined so as to be mechanically and electri- cally secure without solder and then be soldered. All splices and joints and the free ends of conductors shall be covered with an insulation equivalent to that of the conductors or with an identified insulating device.
Wire connectors or splicing means installed on conductors for direct burial shall be listed for such usc.
(C) Temperature Limitations. The temperature rating associ- ated with the ampacity of a conductor shall be selected and coordinated so as not to exceed the lowest temperature rating of any connected termination, conductor, or device. Conduc- tors with temperature ratings higher than specified for termi- nations shall be permitted to be used for ampacity adjustment, correction, or both.
(1) Equipment Provisions. The determination of termination provisions of equipment shall be based on 110.14(C) (1) (a) or (C) (1)(b). Unless the equipment is listed and marked other- wisc, conductor ampacitics used in determining equipment termination provisions shall be based on Table 310.16 as appro- priately modified by 310.12.
(a) Termination provisions of equipment for circuits rated 100 amperes or less, or marked for 14 AWG through 1 AWG conductors, shall be used only for one of the following:
(1) Conductors rated 60 (140°F).
(2) Conductors with higher temperature ratings, provided the ampacity of such conductors is determined based on the 60 (140°F) ampacity of the conductor size used.
(3) Conductors with higher temperature ratings if the equip- ment is listed and identified for use with such conductors.
(4) For motors marked with design letters B, C, or D, conduc- tors having an insulation rating of 75° (167°F) or higher shall be permitted to be used, provided the ampacity of such conductors does not exceed the 75 (167ºF) ampacity.
(b) Termination provisions of equipment for circuits rated over 100 amperes, or marked for conductors larger than 1 AWG, shall be used only for one of the following:
(1) Conductors rated 75 (167ºF)
(2) Conductors with higher temperature ratings, provided the ampacity of such conductors does not exceed the 75 (167ºF) ampacity of the conductor size used, or up to their ampacity if the equipment is listed and identified for use with such conductors
(2) Separate Connector Provisions. Separately installed pres- sure connectors shall be used with conductors at the ampacitics not exceeding the ampacity at the listed and identified temper- ature rating of the connector.
Informational Note: Equipment markings or listing information may additionally restrict the sizing and temperature ratings of connected conductors.
(D) Terminal Connection Torque. Tightening torque values for terminal connections shall be as indicated on equipment or in installation instructions provided by the manufacturer. An approved means shall be used to achieve the indicated torque valuc.
Informational Note No. 1: Examples of approved means of achieving the indicated torque values include torque tools or devices such as shear bolts or breakaway-style devices with visual indicators that demonstrate that the proper torque has been applied.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL Standard 486A-486B, Standard for Safety-Wire Connectors, Informative Annex I for torque values in the absence of manufacturer's recommendations. The equip- ment manufacturer can be contacted if numeric torque values are not indicated on the equipment or if the installation instruc- tions are not available.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 70B-2019, Recommended Practice for Electrical Equipment Maintenance, Section 8.11 for addi- tional information for torquing threaded connections and terminations.
110.15 High-Leg Marking. On a 4-wirc, delta-connected system where the midpoint of one phase winding is grounded, only the conductor or busbar having the higher phase voltage to ground shall be durably and permanently marked by an outer finish that is orange in color or by other effective means. Such identification shall be placed at cach point on the system where a connection is made if the grounded conductor is also present.
110.16 Arc-Flash Hazard Warning.
(A) General. Electrical equipment, such as switchboards, switchgear, enclosed panelboards, industrial control panels, meter socket enclosures, and motor control centers, that is in other than dwelling units, and is likely to require examination, adjustment, servicing, or maintenance while energized, shall be field or factory marked to warn qualified persons of potential
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-65
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
110.16
ARTICLE 110- GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
electric arc flash hazards. The marking shall meet the require- ments in 110.21 (B) and shall be located so as to be clearly visi- ble to qualified persons before examination, adjustment, servicing, or maintenance of the equipment.
(B) Service Equipment and Feeder Supplied Equipment. In other than dwelling units, in addition to the requirements in 110.16(A), a permanent arc flash label shall be field or factory applied to service equipment and feeder supplied equipment rated 1000 amperes or more. The arc flash label shall be in accordance with applicable industry practice and include the date the label was applied. The label shall meet the require- ments of 110.21 (B).
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI Z535.4-201 1 (R2017), Prod- uct Safety Signs and Labels, for guidelines for the design of safety signs and labels for application to products.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 70E-2021, Standard for Eler- trical Safety in the Workplace, for applicable industry practices for equipment labeling. This standard provides specific criteria for developing arc-flash labels for equipment that provides nominal system voltage, incident energy levels, arc-flash boundaries, minimum required levels of personal protective equipment, and so forth.
110.17 Servicing and Maintenance of Equipment. Servicing and electrical preventive maintenance shall be performed by qualified persons trained in servicing and maintenance of equipment and shall comply with the following:
(1) The servicing and electrical preventive maintenance shall be performed in accordance with the original equipment manufacturer's instructions and information included in the listing information, applicable industry standards, or as approved by the authority having jurisdiction.
(2) The servicing and electrical preventive maintenance shall be performed using identified replacement parts that are verified under applicable product standards. The replace- ment parts shall comply with at least one of the following:
a. Be provided by the original equipment manufacturer
b. Be designed by an engineer experienced in the design of replacement parts for the type of equipment being serviced or maintained
c. Be approved by the authority having jurisdiction
Informational Note No. 1: For equipment that is not listed or field labeled, or for which components are no longer available from the original equipment manufacturer, one way to deter- mine suitability is to review the documentation that accompa- nies the replacement parts.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 70B, Recommended Practice for Electrical Equipment Maintenance, for information related to preventive maintenance for electrical, electronic, and communi- cation systems and equipment.
110.18 Arcing Parts. Parts of electrical equipment that in ordi- nary operation produce arcs, sparks, flames, or molten metal shall be enclosed or separated and isolated from all combusti- ble material.
110.19 Light and Power from Railway Conductors. Circuits for lighting and power shall not be connected to any system that contains trolley wires with a ground return.
Exception: Such circuit connections shall be permitted in car houses, power houses, or passenger and freight stations operated in connection with electric railways.
110.20 Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned equipment shall be permitted except where prohibited elsewhere in this Code. Equipment that is restored to operating condition shall be reconditioned with identified replacement parts, verified under applicable standards, that are cither provided by the original equipment manufacturer or that are designed by an engineer experienced in the design of replacement parts for the type of equipment being reconditioned.
(A) Equipment Required to Be Listed. Equipment that is reconditioned and required by this Code to be listed shall be listed or field labeled as reconditioned using available instruc- tions from the original equipment manufacturer.
(B) Equipment Not Required to Be Listed. Equipment that is reconditioned and not required by this Code to be listed shall comply with one of the following:
(1) Be listed or field labeled as reconditioned
(2) Have the reconditioning performed in accordance with the original equipment manufacturer instructions
(C) Approved Equipment. If the options specified in 110.20(A) or (B) are not available, the authority having juris- diction shall be permitted to approve reconditioned equip- ment, and the reconditioner shall provide the authority having jurisdiction with documentation of the changes to the product.
110.21 Marking.
(A) Equipment Markings.
(1) General. The manufacturer's name, trademark, or other descriptive marking by which the organization responsible for the product can be identified shall be applied or affixed onto all electrical equipment. Other markings that indicate voltage, current, wattage, or other ratings shall be provided as specified elsewhere in this Code. The marking shall be of sufficient dura- bility to withstand the environment involved.
(2) Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned equipment shall be marked with the following:
(1) Name, trademark, or other descriptive marking of the organization that performed the reconditioning
(2) The date of the reconditioning
(3) The term reconditioned or other approved wording or symbol indicating that the equipment has been recondi- tioned
The original listing mark shall be removed or made perma- nently illegible. The equipment nameplate shall not be required to be removed or made permanently illegible, only the part of the nameplate that includes the listing mark, if applicable. Approval of the reconditioned equipment shall not be based solely on the equipment's original listing.
Exception: In industrial occupancies, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the equip- ment, the markings indicated in 110.21(A)(2) shall not be required for equipment that is reconditioned by the owner or operator as part of a regular equipment maintenance program.
Informational Note No. 1: ANSI-approved standards are availa- ble for application of reconditioned and refurbished equip- ment.
Informational Note No. 2: The tern reconditioned may be inter- changeable with the terms rebuilt, refurbished, or mmanufactured even though these are sometimes different processes.
70-66
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
110.26
ARTICLE 110- GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
(B) Field-Applied Hazard Markings. Where caution, warning, or danger hazard markings such as labels or signs are required by this Code, the markings shall meet the following require- ments:
(1) The marking shall be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved and warn of the hazards using effective words, colors, symbols, or any combination thereof.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI Z535.2-2011 (R2017), Envi- ronmental and Facility Safety Signs, which describes the design, application, and use of safety signs in facilities and in the envi- ronment.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI Z535.4-2011 (R2017), Prod- ud Safety Signs and Labels, which details the design, application, use, and placement of safety signs and labels on a wide variety of products.
(2) The marking shall be permanently affixed to the equip- ment or wiring method and shall not be handwritten.
Exception to (2): Portions of the markings that are variable, or that could be subject to changes, shall be permitted to be handwritten and shall be legible.
110.22 Identification of Disconnecting Means.
(A) General. Each disconnecting means shall be legibly marked to indicate its purpose unless located and arranged so the purpose is evident. In other than one- or two-family dwell- ings, the marking shall include the identification and location of the circuit source that supplies the disconnecting means unless located and arranged so the identification and location of the circuit source is evident. The marking shall be of suffi- cient durability to withstand the environment involved.
(B) Engineered Series Combination Systems. Equipment enclosures for circuit breakers or fuses applied in compliance with series combination ratings selected under engineering supervision in accordance with 240.86(A) shall be legibly marked in the field as directed by the engineer to indicate the equipment has been applied with a series combination rating. The marking shall meet the requirements in 110.21(B) and shall be readily visible and state the following:
CAUTION - ENGINEERED SERIES COMBINATION SYSTEM RATED AMPERES. IDENTIFIED REPLACE- MENT COMPONENTS REQUIRED.
(C) Tested Series Combination Systems. Equipment enclo- sures for circuit breakers or fuses applied in compliance with the series combination ratings marked on the equipment by the manufacturer in accordance with 240.86(B) shall be legibly marked in the field to indicate the equipment has been applied with a series combination rating. The marking shall meet the requirements in 110.21 (B) and shall be readilyvisible and state the following:
CAUTION - SERIES COMBINATION SYSTEM RATED AMPERES. IDENTIFIED REPLACEMENT COMPONENTS REQUIRED.
Informational Note: See IEEE 3004.5-2014 Recommended Practice for the Application of Low-Voltage Circuit Breakers in Industrial and Commercial Power Systems, for further information on series tested systems.
110.23 Current Transformers. Unused current transformers associated with potentially energized circuits shall be short- circuited.
110.24 Available Fault Current.
(A) Field Marking. Service equipment at other than dwelling units shall be legibly marked in the field with the available fault current. The field marking(s) shall include the date the fault- current calculation was performed and be of sufficient durabil- ity to withstand the environment involved. The calculation shall be documented and made available to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, or operate the system.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 70E-2021, Standard for Eler- triral Safety in the Workplace, for assistance in detennining the severity of potential exposure, planning safe work practices, and selecting personal protective equipment. The available fault- current marking(s) addressed in 110.24 is related to required short-circuit current and interrupting ratings of equipment.
Informational Note No, 2: Values of available fault current for use in determining appropriate minimum short-circuit current and interrupting ratings of service equipment are available from electric utilities in published or other forms.
(B) Modifications. When modifications to the electrical instal- lation occur that affect the available fault current at the service, the available fault current shall be verified or recalculated as necessary to ensure the service equipment ratings are sufficient for the available fault current at the line terminals of the equip- ment., The required field marking(s) in 110.24(A) shall be adjusted to reflect the new level of available fault current.
Exception: The field marking requirements in 110.24(A) and 110.24(B) shall not be required in industrial installations where condi- tions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons servire the equipment.
110.25 Lockable Disconnecting Means. If a disconnecting means is required to be lockable open elsewhere in this Code, it shall be capable of being locked in the open position. The provisions for locking shall remain in place with or without the lock installed.
Exception: Locking provisions for a cord-and-plug connection shall not be required to remain in place without the lock installed.
Part II. 1000 Volts, Nominal, or Less
110.26 Spaces About Electrical Equipment. Working space, and access to and egress from working space, shall be provided and maintained about all electrical equipment to permit ready and safe operation and maintenance of such equipment. Open equipment doors shall not impede access to and egress from the working space. Access or egress is impeded if one or more simultaneously opened equipment doors restrict working space access to be less than 610 mm (24 in.) wide and 2.0 m (61/g ft) high.
(A) Working Space. Working space for equipment operating at 1000 volts, nominal, or less to ground and likely to require examination, adjustment, servicing, or maintenance while energized shall comply with the dimensions of 110.26(A) (1), (A)(2), (A)(3), and (A)(4) or as required or permitted else- where in this Code.
Informational Note: See NFPA 70E-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, for guidance, such as determining severity
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-67
110.26
ARTICLE 110-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
of potential exposure, planning safe work practices including establishing an electrically safe work condition, arc flash label- ing, and selecting personal protective equipment.
(1) Depth of Working Space. The depth of the working space in the direction of live parts shall not be less than that specified in Table 110.26(A) (1) unless the requirements of 110.26(A) (1) (a), (A)(1) (b), or (A) (1) (c) arc met. Distances shall be mcas- ured from the exposed live parts or from the enclosure or opening if the live parts are enclosed.
(a) Dead-Front Assemblies. Working space shall not be required in the back or sides of assemblies, such as dead-front switchboards, switchgear, or motor control centers, where all connections and all renewable or adjustable parts, such as fuses or switches, are accessible from locations other than the back or sides. Where rear access is required to work on nonelectrical parts on the back of enclosed equipment, a minimum horizon- tal working space of 762 mm (30 in.) shall be provided.
(b) Low Voltage. By special permission, smaller working spaces shall be permitted where all exposed live parts operate at not greater than 30 volts rms, 42 volts peak, or 60 volts dc.
(c) Existing Buildings. In existing buildings where electri- cal equipment is being replaced, Condition 2 working clear- ance shall be permitted between dead-front switchboards, switchgear, enclosed panelboards, or motor control centers located across the aisle from cach other where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that written procedures have been adopted to prohibit equipment on both sides of the aisle from being open at the same time and qualified persons who are authorized will service the installation.
(2) Width of Working Space. The width of the working space in front of the electrical equipment shall be the width of the equipment or 762 mm (30 in.), whichever is greater. In all cases, the work space shall permit at least a 90-degree opening of equipment doors or hinged panels.
(3) Height of Working Space. The work space shall be clear and extend from the grade, floor, or platform to a height of 2.0 m (61/g ft) or the height of the equipment, whichever is greater. Within the height requirements of this section, other equipment or support structures, such as concrete pads, as.soci- ated with the electrical installation and located above or below the electrical equipment shall be permitted to extend not more than 150 mm (6 in.) beyond the front of the electrical equip- ment.
Table 110.26(A) (1) Working Spaces
Nominal
Minimum Clear Distance
Voltage to Ground
Condition 1
Condition 2
Condition 3
0-150
900 mm (3 ft)
900 mm (3 ft)
900 mm (3 ft)
151-600
900 mm (3 ft)
1.0 m (3 ft 6 in.)
1.2 m (4 ft)
601-1000
900 mm (3 ft)
1.2 m (4 ft)
1.5 m (5 ft)
Note: Where the conditions are as follows:
Condition 1 - Exposed live parts on one side of the working space and no live or grounded parts on the other side of the working space, or exposed live parts on both sides of the working space that are effectively guarded by insulating materials.
Condition 2 - Exposed live parts on one side of the working space and grounded parts on the other side of the working space. Concrete, brick, or tile walls shall be considered as grounded.
Condition 3 - Exposed live parts on both sides of the working space.
Exception No. 1: On battery systems mounted on open racks, the top clearance shall comply with 480.10(D).
Exception No. 2: In existing dwelling units, service equipment or enclosed panelboards that do not exceed 200 amperes shall be permitted in spaces where the height of the working space is less than 2.0 m (61/2 ft).
Exception No. 3: Meters that are installed in meter sockets shall be permitted to extend beyond the other equipment. The meter socket shall be required to follow the rules of this section.
(4) Limited Access. Where equipment operating at 1000 volts, nominal, or less to ground and likely to require examination, adjustment, servicing, or maintenance while energized is required by installation instructions or function to be located in a space with limited access, all of the following shall apply:
(1) Where equipment is installed above a lay-in ceiling, there shall be an opening not smaller than 559 mm x 559 mm (22 in. x 22 in.), or in a crawl space, there shall be an accessible opening not smaller than 559 mm x 762 mm (22 in. x 30 in.).
(2) The width of the working space shall be the width of the equipment enclosure or a minimum of 762 mm (30 in.), whichever is greater.
(3) All enclosure doors or hinged panels shall be capable of opening a minimum of 90 degrees.
(4) The space in front of the enclosure shall comply with the depth requirements of Table 110.26(A) (1) and shall bc unobstructed to the floor by fixed cabinets, walls, or parti- tions. Space reductions in accordance with 110.26(A) (1) (b) shall be permitted. The maximum height of the work- ing space shall be the height necessary to install the equipment in the limited space. A horizontal ceiling structural member or access panel shall be permitted in this space provided the location of weight-bearing struc- tural members does not result in a side reach of more than 150 mm (6 in.) to work within the enclosure.
(5) Separation from High-Voltage Equipment. Where switches, cutouts, or other equipment operating at 1000 volts, nominal, or less are installed in a vault, room, or enclosure where there are exposed live parts or exposed wiring operating over 1000 volts, nominal, the high-voltage equipment shall be effec- tively separated from the space occupied by the low-voltage equipment by a suitable partition, fence, or screen.
(6) Grade, Floor, or Working Platform. The grade, floor, or platform in the required working space shall be kept clear, and the floor, grade, or platform in the working space shall be as level and flat as practical for the entire required depth and width of the working space.
(B) Clear Spaces. Working space required by this section shall not be used for storage. When normally enclosed live parts are exposed for inspection or servicing, the working space, if in a passageway or general open space, shall be suitably guarded.
(C) Entrance to and Egress from Working Space.
(1) Minimum Required. At least one entrance of sufficient arca shall be provided to give access to and egress from work- ing space about electrical equipment.
(2) Large Equipment. For large equipment that contains over- current devices, switching devices, or control devices, there shall be one entrance to and egress from the required working space not less than 610 mm (24 in.) wide and 2.0 m (61/2 ft)
70-68
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
110.27
ARTICLE 110- GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
high at cach end of the working space. This requirement shall apply to cither of the following conditions:
(1) For equipment rated 1200 amperes or more and over 1.8 m (6 ft) wide
(2) For service disconnecting means installed in accordance with 230.71(B) where the combined ampere rating is 1200 amperes or more and where the combined width is over 1.8 m (6 ft)
A single entrance to and egress from the required working space shall be permitted where cither of the conditions in 110.26(C) (2) (a) or (C) (2) (b) is met.
(a) Unobstructed Egress. Where the location permits a continuous and unobstructed way of egress travel, a single entrance to the working space shall be permitted.
(b) Extra Working Spare. Where the depth of the working space is twice that required by 110.26(A) (1), a single entrance shall be permitted. It shall be located such that the distance from the equipment to the nearest edge of the entrance is not less than the minimum clear distance specified in Table 110.26(A) (1) for equipment operating at that voltage and in that condition.
(3) Personnel Doors. Where equipment rated 800 amperes or more that contains overcurrent devices, switching devices, or control devices is installed and there is a personnel door(s) intended for entrance to and egress from the working space less than 7.6 m (25 ft) from the nearest edge of the working space, the door(s) shall open at least 90 degrees in the direc- tion of egress and be equipped with listed panic hardware or listed fire exit hardwarc.
Informational Note: See UL 305, Standard For Panic Hardware, for additional information on panic hardware, and see UL 10C, Standard for Safety for Positive Pressure Fire Tests of Door Assemblies, for additional information.
(D) Ilumination. Illumination shall be provided for all work- ing spaces about service equipment, switchboards, switchgear, enclosed panelboards, or motor control centers installed indoors. Control by automatic means shall not be permitted to control all illumination within the working space. Additional lighting outlets shall not be required where the work space is illuminated by an adjacent light source or as permitted by 210.70(A) (1), Exception No. 1, for switched receptacles.
(E) Dedicated Equipment Space. All service equipment, switchboard.s, switchgear, panelboards, and motor control centers shall be located in dedicated spaces and protected from damage.
Exception: Control equipment that by its very nature or because of other rules of the Code must be adjacent to or within sight of its operating machinery shall be permitted in those locations.
(1) Indoor. Indoor installations shall comply with 110.26(E) (1) (a) through (E)(1)(d).
(a) Dedicated Electrical Space. The space cqual to the width and depth of the equipment and extending from the floor to a height of 1.8 m (6 ft) above the equipment or to the structural ceiling, whichever is lower, shall be dedicated to the electrical installation. No piping, ducts, leak protection apparatus, or other equipment foreign to the electrical installation shall be located in this zone.
Exception: Suspended ceilings with removable panels shall be permitted within the 1.8 m (6 ft) zone.
(b) Foreign Systems. The arca above the dedicated space required by 110.26(E) (1) (a) shall be permitted to contain foreign systems, provided protection is installed to avoid damage to the electrical equipment from condensation, Icaks, or breaks in such foreign systems.
(c) Sprinkler Protection. Sprinkler protection shall be permitted for the dedicated space where the piping complies with this section.
(d) Suspended Ceilings. A dropped, suspended, or similar ceiling that does not add strength to the building structure shall not be considered a structural ceiling.
(2) Outdoor. Outdoor installations shall comply with 110.26(E) (2) (a) through (E) (2) (c).
(a) Installation Requirements. Outdoor electrical cquip- ment shall be the following:
(1) Installed in identified enclosures
(2) Protected from accidental contact by unauthorized personnel or by vehicular traffic
(3) Protected from accidental spillage or leakage from piping systems
(b) Work Space. The working clearance space shall include the zone. described in 110.26(A). No architectural appurtenance or other equipment shall be located in this zone.
(c) Dedicated Equipment Spare. The space cqual to the width and depth of the equipment, and extending from grade to a height of 1.8 m (6 ft) above the equipment, shall be dedi- cated to the electrical installation. No piping or other equip- ment foreign to the electrical installation shall be located in this zonc.
Exception: Structural overhangs or roof extensions shall be permitted in this zone.
(F) Locked Electrical Equipment Rooms or Enclosures. Elcc- trical equipment rooms or enclosures housing electrical appa- ratus that are controlled by a lock(s) shall be considered accessible to qualified persons.
110.27 Guarding of Live Parts.
(A) Live Parts Guarded Against Accidental Contact. Except as elsewhere required or permitted by this Code, live parts of elec- trical equipment operating at 50 to 1000 volts, nominal shall be guarded against accidental contact by approved enclosures or by any of the following means:
(1) By location in a room, vault, or similar enclosure that is accessible only to qualified persons.
(2) By permanent, substantial partitions or screens arranged so that only qualified persons have access to the space within reach of the live parts. Any openings in such parti- tions or screens shall be sized and located so that persons are not likely to come into accidental contact with the live parts or to bring conducting objects into contact with them.
(3) By location on a balcony, gallery, or platform elevated and arranged so as to exclude unqualified persons.
(4) By elevation above the floor or other working surface as follows:
a. A minimum of 2.5 m (8 ft) for 50 volts to 300 volts between ungrounded conductors
b. A minimum of 2.6 m (8 ft 6 in.) for 301 volts to 600 volts between ungrounded conductors
c. A minimum of 2.62 m (8 ft 7 in.) for 601 volts to 1000 volts between ungrounded conductors
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-69
110.27
ARTICLE 110-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
(B) Prevent Physical Damage. In locations where electrical equipment is likely to be exposed to physical damage, enclo- sures or guards shall be so arranged and of such strength as to prevent such damage.
(C) Warning Signs. Entrances to rooms and other guarded locations that contain exposed live parts shall be marked with conspicuous warning signs forbidding unqualified persons to enter. The marking shall meet the requirements in 110.21 (B).
110.28 Enclosure Types. Enclosures (other than surrounding fences or walls covered in 110.31) of switchboards, switchgear, enclosed panelboard.s, industrial control panels, motor control centers, meter sockets, enclosed switches, transfer switches, power outlets, circuit breakers, adjustable-speed drive systems,
pullout switches, portable power distribution equipment, termi- nation boxes, general-purpose transformers, fire pump control- lers, fire pump motors, and motor controllers, rated not over 1000 volts nominal and intended for such locations, shall be marked with an enclosure-type number as shown in Table 110.28.
Table 110.28 shall be used for selecting these enclosures for use in specific locations other than hazardous (classified) loca- tions. The enclosures are not intended to protect against conditions such as condensation, icing, corrosion, or contami- nation that may occur within the enclosure or enter via the raceway or unscaled openings.
Table 110.28 Enclosure Selection
For Outdoor Use
Provides a Degree of Protection Against the Following Environmental Conditions
3
3R
3S
3X
3RX
3SX
4
4X
6
6P
Incidental contact with the enclosed
X
X
X
x
X
X
X
X
X
x
equipment
Rain, snow, and sleet
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
Sleet*
Windblown dust
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
Hosedown
x
X
X
X
Corrosive agents
X
x
X
x
X
X
Prolonged submersion
X
For Indoor Use
Provides a Degree of Protection Against the Following Environmental Conditions
1
2
4
4X
5
6
6P
12
12K
13
Incidental contactwith the enclosed equipment
X
X
X
X
x
X
X
X
X
x
Falling dirt
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
Falling liquids and light splashing
X
X
X
x
X
X
X
X
X
Circulating dust, lint, fibers, and flyings
X
X
X
X
X
X
x
Settling airborne dust, lint, fibers, and flyings
X
X
x
X
X
x
x
X
Hosedown and splashing water
X
X
x
X
X
x
x
Oil or coolant spraying and splashing
Corrosive agents
X
X
X
Prolonged submersion
x
*The mechanism shall be operable when ice covered.
Informational Note No. 1: The tenn raintight is typically used in conjunction with Enclosure Types 3, 3S, 3SX, 3X, 4, 4X, 6, and 6P. The term rain proof is typically used in conjunction with Enclosure Types 3R and 3RX. The term watertight is typically used in conjunction with Enclosure Types 4, 4X, 6, and 6P. The term driplight is typically used in conjunction with Enclosure Types 2, 5, 12, 12K, and 13. The term dustlight is typically used in conjunction with Enclosure Types 3, 3S, 3SX, 3X, 4, 4X, 5, 6, 6P, 12, 12K, and 13.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/IEC 60529, Degrees of Protection Provided by Enclosures, for ingress protection (IP) ratings. Informational Note No. 3: See 502.10(A) (3), 502.10(B)(4), 503.10(A) (2), and 506.15(C)(9) for information on the use of dusttight enclosures in hazardous locations.
Informational Note No. 4: Some enclosure types, such as 12, 12K, or 13 enclosures, may be marked with an ancillary "-XH" for corrosive and hosedown capable indoor enclosure.
Informational Note No. 5: Some type 4X enclosures may be marked "indoor only."
Informational Note No. 6: See UL 508A, Standard for Industrial Control Panels, for information on determining applicable requirements for evaluating type 4, 4X, and 12 ventilated enclosures.
Informational Note No. 7: See NEMA 250, Enclosures for Electrical Equipment (1000 Volts Maximum), for the description of the "Enclosure Type Rating: Ancillary - PW for Pressure Wash."
70-70
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
x
Temporary submersion
X
X
-
X
X
Temporary submersion
Enclosure Type Number
Enclosure Type Number
Oil and coolant seepage
110.31
ARTICLE 110- GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
110.29 In Sight From (Within Sight From, Within Sight). Where this Code specifies that one equipment shall be "in sight from," "within sight from," or "within sight of" another equip- ment, the specified equipment shall be visible and not more than 15 m (50 ft) distant from the other.
Part III. Over 1000 Volts, Nominal
110.30 General. Conductors and equipment used on circuits over 1000 volts, nominal, shall comply with Part I of this article and with 110.30 through 110.41, which supplement or modify Part I. In no case shall this part apply to equipment on the supply side of the service point.
110.31 Enclosure for Electrical Installations. Electrical instal- lations in a vault, room, or closet or in an arca surrounded by a wall, screen, or fence, access to which is controlled by a lock (s) or other approved means, shall be considered to be accessible to qualified persons only. The type of enclosure used in a given case shall be designed and constructed according to the nature and degree of the hazard(s) associated with the installation.
For installations other than equipment as described in 110.31(D), a wall, screen, or fence shall be used to enclose an outdoor electrical installation to deter access by persons who are not qualified. A fence shall not be less than 2.1 m (7 ft) in height or a combination of 1.8 m (6 ft) or more of fence fabric and a 300 mm (1 ft) or more extension utilizing three or more strands of barbed wire or equivalent. The distance from the fence to live parts shall be not less than given in Table 110.31.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, for clearances of conductors for specific system voltages and typical BIL ratings.
(A) Electrical Vaults. Where an electrical vault is required or specified for conductors and equipment 110.31(A) (1) to (A)(5) shall apply.
(1) Walls and Roof. The walls and roof shall be constructed of materials that have adequate structural strength for the condi- tions, with a minimum fire rating of 3 hours. For the purpose of this section, studs and wallboard construction shall not be permitted.
(2) Floors. The floors of vaults in contact with the carth shall be of concrete that is not less than 102 mm (4 in.) thick, but where the vault is constructed with a vacant space or other stories below it, the floor shall have adequate structural strength for the load imposed on it and a minimum fire resist- ance of 3 hours.
(3) Doors. Each doorway leading into a vault from the build- ing interior shall be provided with a tight-fitting door that has a minimum fire rating of 3 hours. The authority having jurisdic- tion shall be permitted to require such a door for an exterior wall opening where conditions warrant.
Table 110.31 Minimum Distance from Fence to Live Parts
Minimum Distance to Live Parts
Nominal Voltage
m
ft
1001-13,799
3.05
10
13,800-230,000
4.57
15
Over 230,000
5.49
18
Exception to (1), (2), and (3): Where the vault is protected with auto- matic sprinkler; water spray, carbon dioxide, or halon, construction with a 1-hour rating shall be permitted.
(4) Locks. Doors shall be equipped with locks, and doors shall be kept locked, with access allowed only to qualified persons. Personnel doors shall open at least 90 degrees in the direction of egress and be equipped with listed panic hardware or listed fire exit hardwarc.
Informational Note: See UL 305, Standard for Panic Hardware, for additional information, and ULIOC, Standard for Safety for Positive Pressure Fire Tests of Door Assemblies.
(5) Transformers. Where a transformer is installed in a vault as required by Part II of Article 450, the vault shall be construc- ted in accordance with Part III of Article 450.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/ASTM E119-2018a, Method for Fire Tests of Building Construction and Materials, for additional information, and see NFPA 80-2019, Standard for Fire Doors and Other Opening Protectives.
Informational Note No. 2: A typical 3-hour construction is 150 mm (6 in.) thick reinforced concrete.
(B) Indoor Installations.
(1) In Places Accessible to Unqualified Persons. Indoor clec- trical installations that are accessible to unqualified persons shall be made with metal-enclosed equipment. Switchgear, transformers, pull boxes, connection boxes, and other similar associated equipment shall be marked with appropriate caution signs. Openings in ventilated dry-type transformers or similar openings in other equipment shall be designed so that foreign objects inserted through these openings are deflected from energized parts.
(2) In Places Accessible to Qualified Persons Only. Indoor electrical installations considered accessible only to qualified persons in accordance with this section shall comply with 110.34, 110.36, and 495.24.
(C) Outdoor Installations.
(1) In Places Accessible to Unqualified Persons. Outdoor clec- trical installations that are open to unqualified persons shall comply with Part III of Article 225.
(2) In Places Accessible to Qualified Persons Only. Outdoor electrical installations that have exposed live parts shall be accessible to qualified persons only in accordance with the first paragraph of this section and shall comply with 110.34, 110.36, and 495.24.
(D) Enclosed Equipment Accessible to Unqualified Persons. Ventilating or similar openings in equipment shall be designed such that foreign objects inserted through these openings are deflected from energized parts. Where exposed to physical damage from vehicular traffic, suitable guards shall be provi- ded. Equipment located outdoors and accessible to unqualified persons shall be designed such that exposed nuts or bolts cannot be readily removed, permitting access to live parts. Where equipment is accessible to unqualified persons and the bottom of the enclosure is less than 2.5 m (8 ft) above the floor or grade level, the enclosure door or hinged cover shall be kept locked. Doors and covers of enclosures used solely as pull boxes, splice boxes, or junction boxes shall be locked, bolted, or screwed on. Underground box covers that weigh over
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-71
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
110.32
ARTICLE 110-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
45.4 kg (100 lb) shall be considered as meeting this require- ment.
110.32 Work Space About Equipment. Sufficient space shall be provided and maintained about electrical equipment to permit ready and safe operation and maintenance of such equipment. Where energized parts are exposed, the minimum clear work space shall be not less than 2.0 m (61/s ft) high (measured verti- cally from the floor or platform) and the width of the equip- ment or 914 mm (3 ft) wide (measured parallel to the equipment), whichever is greater. The depth shall be as required in 110.34(A). In all cases, the work space shall permit at least a 90-degree opening of doors or hinged panels. Within the height requirements of this section, other equipment that is associated with the electrical installation and is located above or below the electrical equipment shall be permitted to extend not more than 150 mm (6 in.) beyond the front of the electri- cal equipment. Working space required by this section shall not be used for storage. When normally enclosed live parts are exposed for inspection or servicing, the working space, if in a passageway or general open space, shall be suitably guarded.
110.33 Entrance to Enclosures and Access to Working Space.
(A) Entrance. At least one entrance to enclosures for electrical installations as described in 110.31 not less than 610 mm (24 in.) wide and 2.0 m (6/ ft) high shall be provided to give access to the working space about electrical equipment.
Open equipment doors shall not impede access to and egress from the working space. Access or egress is impeded if one or more simultaneously opened equipment doors restrict working space access to be less than 610 mm (24 in.) wide and 2.0 m (61/g ft) high.
(1) Large Equipment. On switchgear and control panels exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) in width, there shall be one entrance at cach end of the equipment. A single entrance to the required working space shall be permitted where either of the condi- tions in 110.33(A) (1) (a) or (A)(1)(b) is met.
(a) Unobstructed Exit. Where the location permits a continuous and unobstructed way of exit travel, a single entrance to the working space shall be permitted.
(b) Extra Working Spare. Where the depth of the working space is twice that required by 110.34(A), a single entrance shall be permitted. It shall be located so that the distance from the equipment to the nearest edge. of the entrance is not less than the minimum clear distance specified in Table 110.34(A) for equipment operating at that voltage and in that condition.
(2) Guarding. Where bare energized parts at any voltage or insulated energized parts above 1000 volts, nominal, arc loca- ted adjacent to such entrance, they shall be suitably guarded.
(3) Personnel Doors. Where there are personnel doors inten- ded for entrance to and egress from the working space less than 7.6 m (25 ft) from the nearest edge of the working space, the doors shall open at least 90 degrees in the direction of egress and be equipped with listed panic hardware or listed fire exit hardwarc.
Informational Note: See UL 305, Standard for Panic Hardware, for additional information, and UL 10C, Standard for Safety for Pasi- tive Pressure Fire Tests of Door Assemblies.
(B) Access. Permanent ladders or stairways shall be provided to give safe access to the working space around electrical equip-
ment installed on platforms, balconies, or mezzanine floors or in attic or roof rooms or spaces.
110.34 Work Space and Guarding.
(A) Working Space. Except as elsewhere required or permitted in this Code, equipment likely to require examination, adjust- ment, servicing, or maintenance while energized shall have clear working space in the direction of access to live parts of the electrical equipment and shall be not less than specified in Table 110.34(A). Distances shall be measured from the live parts, if such are exposed, or from the enclosure front or open- ing if such arc enclosed. The grade, floor, or platform in the required working space shall be kept clear, and the floor, grade, or platform in the working space shall be as level and flat as practical for the entire depth and width of the working spacc.
Exception: Working space shall not be required in back of equipment such as switchgear or control assemblies where there are no renewable or adjustable parts (such as fuses or switches) on the back and where all connections are accessible from locations other than the back. Where rear access is required to work on nonelectrical parts on the back of enclosed equipment, a minimum working space of 762 mm (30 in.) horizontally shall be provided.
(B) Separation from Low-Voltage Equipment. Where switches, cutouts, or other equipment operating at 1000 volts, nominal, or less are installed in a vault, room, or enclosure where there are exposed live parts or exposed wiring operating at over 1000 volts, nominal, the high-voltage equipment shall be effec- tively separated from the space occupied by the low-voltage equipment by a suitable partition, fence, or screen.
Exception: Switches or other equipment operating at 1000 volts, nomi- nal, or less and serving only equipment within the high-voltage vault, room, or enclosure shall be permitted to be installed in the high-voltage vault, room, or enclosure without a partition, fenre, or screen if accessi- ble to qualified persons only.
(C) Locked Rooms or Enclosures. The entrance to all build- ings, vaults, rooms, or enclosures containing exposed live parts or exposed conductors operating at over 1000 volts, nominal, shall be kept locked unless such entrances are under the obser- vation of a qualified person at all times.
Table 110.34(A) Minimum Depth of Clear Working Space at Electrical Equipment
Minimum Clear Distance
Nominal Voltage to Ground
Condition 1
Condition 2
Condition 3
1001-2500 V
900 mm (3 ft)
1.2 m (4 ft)
1.5 m (5 ft)
2501-9000 V
1.2 m (4 ft)
1.5 m (5 ft)
1.8 m (6 ft)
9001-25,000 V
1.5 m (5 ft)
1.8 m (6 ft)
2.8 m (9 ft)
25,001 V-75 kV
1.8 m (6 ft)
2.5 m (8 ft)
3.0 m (10 ft)
Above 75 kV
2.5 m (8 ft)
3.0 m (10 ft)
3.7 m (12 ft)
Note: Where the conditions are as follows:
Condition 1 - Exposed live parts on one side of the working space and no live or grounded parts on the other side of the working space, or exposed live parts on both sides of the working space that are effectively guarded by insulating materials.
Condition 2 - Exposed live parts on one side of the working space and grounded parts on the other side of the working space. Concrete, brick, or tile walls shall be considered as grounded.
Condition 3 - Exposed live parts on both sides of the working space.
70-72
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
110.58
ARTICLE 110-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
Permanent and conspicuous danger signs shall be provided. The danger sign shall meet the requirements in 110.21 (B) and shall read as follows:
DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE - KEEP OUT
(D) Illumination. Illumination shall be provided for all work- ing spaces about electrical equipment. Control by automatic means only shall not be permitted. The lighting outlets shall be arranged so that persons changing lamps or making repairs on the lighting system are not endangered by live parts or other equipment.
The points of control shall be located so that persons are not likely to come in contact with any live part or moving part of the equipment while turning on the lights.
(E) Elevation of Unguarded Live Parts. Unguarded live parts above working space shall be maintained at elevations not less than required by Table 110.34(E).
(F) Protection of Service Equipment, Switchgear, and Indus- trial Control Assemblies. Pipes or ducts foreign to the electri- cal installation and requiring periodic maintenance or whose malfunction would endanger the operation of the electrical system shall not be located in the vicinity of the service equip- ment, switchgear, or industrial control assemblies. Protection shall be provided where necessary to avoid damage from condensation leaks and breaks in such foreign systems. Piping and other facilities shall not be considered foreign if provided for fire protection of the electrical installation.
110.36 Circuit Conductors. Circuit conductors shall be permit- ted to be installed in raceways; in cable trays; as metal-clad cable Type MC; as bare wirc, cable, and busbars; or as Type MV cables or conductors as provided in 305.3, 305.9, 305.10, and 305.15. Bare live conductors shall comply with 495.24.
Insulators, together with their mounting and conductor attachments, where used as supports for wires, single-conductor cables, or busbars, shall be capable of safely withstanding the maximum magnetic forces that would prevail, if two or more conductors of a circuit were subjected to short-circuit current.
Exposed runs of insulated wires and cables that have a bare Icad sheath or a braided outer covering shall be supported in a manner designed to prevent physical damage to the braid or sheath. Supports for Icad-covered cables shall be designed to prevent electrolysis of the sheath ..
110.40 Temperature Limitations at Terminations. Conductors shall be permitted to be terminated based on the 90 (194ºF) temperature rating and ampacity as given in Table 315.60(C) (1) through Table 315.60(C) (20), unless otherwise identified.
Table 110.34(E) Elevation of Unguarded Live Parts Above Working Space
Nominal Voltage
Elevation
Between Phases
m
ft
1001-7500 V
2.7
9
7501-35,000 V
2.9
9 ft 6 in.
Over 35 kV
Add 9.5 mm per kV
above 35 kV
Add 0.37 in. per kV above 35 kV
110.41 Inspections and Tests.
(A) Pre-energization and Operating Tests. Where required elsewhere in this Code, the complete electrical system design, including settings for protective, switching, and control circuits, shall be prepared in advance and made available on request to the authority having jurisdiction and shall be tested when first installed on-site.
(B) Test Report. A test report covering the results of the tests required in 110.41 (A) shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction prior to energization and made available to those authorized to install, operate, test, and maintain the system.
Part IV. Tunnel Installations over 1000 Volts, Nominal 110.51 General.
(A) Covered. This part shall apply to the installation and use of high-voltage power distribution and utilization equipment that is portable, mobile, or both, such as substations, trailers, cars, mobile shovels, draglines, hoists, drills, dredges, compres- sors, pumps, conveyors, underground excavators, and the like.
(B) Protection Against Physical Damage. Conductors and cables in tunnels shall be located above the tunnel floor and so placed or guarded to protect them from physical damage.
110.52 Overcurrent Protection. Motor-operated equipment shall be protected from overcurrent in accordance with Parts III, IV, and V of Article 430. Transformers shall be protected from overcurrent in accordance with 450.3.
110.53 Conductors. High-voltage conductors in tunnels shall be installed in metal raceway, Type MC cable, or other approved multiconductor cable. Multiconductor portable cable shall be permitted to supply mobile equipment.
110.54 Bonding and Equipment Grounding Conductors.
(A) Grounded and Bonded. All non-current-carrying metal parts of electrical equipment and all metal raceways and cable shcaths shall be solidly grounded and bonded to all metal pipes and rails at the portal and at intervals not exceeding 300 m (1000 ft) throughout the tunnel.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductors. An cquipment grounding conductor shall be run with circuit conductors inside the metal raceway or inside the multiconductor cable jacket. The equipment grounding conductor shall be permit- ted to be insulated or barc.
110.55 Transformers, Switches, and Electrical Equipment. All transformers, switches, motor controllers, motors, rectifiers, and other equipment installed belowground shall be protected from physical damage by location or guarding.
110.56 Energized Parts. Barc terminals of transformers, switches, motor controllers, and other equipment shall be enclosed to prevent accidental contact with energized parts.
110.57 Ventilation System Controls. Electrical controls for the ventilation system shall be arranged so that the airflow can be reversed.
110.58 Disconnecting Means. A switch or circuit breaker that simultaneously opens all ungrounded conductors of the circuit shall be installed within sight of cach transformer or motor location for disconnecting the transformer or motor. The
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-73
110.59
ARTICLE 110-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
switch or circuit breaker for a transformer shall have an ampere rating not less than the ampacity of the transformer supply conductors. The switch or circuit breaker for a motor shall comply with the applicable requirements of Part IX of Article 430.
110.59 Enclosures. Enclosures for use in tunnels shall be drip- proof, weatherproof, or submersible as required by the envi- ronmental conditions. Switch or contactor enclosures shall not be used as junction boxes or as raceways for conductors feed- ing through or tapping off to other switches, unless the enclo- sures comply with 312.8.
Part V. Manholes and Other Electrical Enclosures Intended for Personnel Entry
110.70 General. Electrical enclosures intended for personnel entry and specifically fabricated for this purpose shall be of sufficient size to provide safe work space about electrical equip- ment with live parts that is likely to require examination, adjust- ment, servicing, or maintenance while energized. Such enclosures shall have sufficient size to permit ready installation or withdrawal of the conductors employed without damage to the conductors or to their insulation. They shall comply with this part.
Exception: Where electrical enclosures covered by Part V of this article are part of an industrial wiring system operating under conditions of maintenance and supervision that ensure that only qualified persons monitor and supervise the system, they shall be permitted to be designed and installed in accordance with appropriate engineering practice. If required by the authority having jurisdiction, design documentation shall be provided.
110.71 Strength. Manholes, vaults, and their means of access shall be designed under qualified engineering supervision and shall withstand all loads likely to be imposed on the structures.
Informational Note: See ANSI C2-2007, National Electrical Safety Code, for additional information on the loading that can be expected to bear on underground enclosures.
110.72 Cabling Work Space. A clear work space not less than 900 mm (3 ft) wide shall be provided where cables are located on both sides, and not less than 750 mm (21/2 ft) where cables are only on one side. The vertical headroom shall be not less than 1.8 m (6 ft) unless the opening is within 300 mm (1 ft), measured horizontally, of the adjacent interior side wall of the enclosure.
Exception: A manhole containing only one or more of the following shall be permitted to have one of the horizontal work spare dimensions reduced to 600 mm (2 ft) where the other horizontal clear work space is increased so the sum of the two dimensions is not less than 1.8 m (6 ft):
(1) Optical fiber cables
(2) Power-limited fire alarm circuits supplied in accordance with 760.121
(3) Class 2 or Class 3 remote-control and signaling circuits, or both, supplied in accordance with 725.60
110.73 Equipment Work Space. Where electrical equipment with live parts that is likely to require examination, adjustment, servicing, or maintenance while energized is installed in a manhole, vault, or other enclosure designed for personnel access, the work space and associated requirements in 110.26 shall be met for installations operating at 1000 volts or less. Where the installation is over 1000 volts, the work space and
associated requirements in 110.34 shall be mct. A manhole access cover that weighs over 45.4 kg (100 lb) shall be consid- cred as meeting the requirements of 110.26(F) and 110.34(C).
110.74 Conductor Installation. Conductors installed in manholes and other enclosures intended for personnel entry shall be cabled, racked up, or arranged in an approved manner that provides ready and safe access for persons to enter for installation and maintenance. The installation shall comply with 110.74(A) or 110.74(B), as applicable.
(A) 1000 Volts, Nominal, or Less. Wirc bending space for conductors operating at 1000 volts or less shall be provided in accordance with 314.28.
(B) Over 1000 Volts, Nominal. Conductors operating at over 1 000 volts shall be provided with bending space in accordance with 314.71 (A) and (B), as applicable.
Exception: Where 314.71(B) applies, each row or column of ducts on one wall of the enclosure shall be calculated individually, and the single row or column that provides the maximum distance shall be used.
110.75 Access to Manholes.
(A) Dimensions. Rectangular access openings shall not be less than 650 mm x 550 mm (26 in. x 22 in.). Round access open- ings in a manhole shall be not less than 650 mm (26 in.) in diameter.
Exception: A manhole that has a fixed ladder that does not obstruct the opening or that contains only one or more of the following shall be permitted to reduce the minimum cover diameter to 600 mm (2 ft):
(1) Optical fiber cables
(2) Power-limited fire alarm circuits supplied in accordance with 760.121
(3) Class 2 or Class 3 remote-control and signaling circuits, or both, supplied in accordance with 725.60
(B) Obstructions. Manhole openings shall be free of protru- sions that could injure personnel or prevent ready egress.
(C) Location. Manhole openings for personnel shall be loca- ted where they are not directly above electrical equipment or conductors in the enclosure. Where this is not practicable, cither a protective barrier or a fixed ladder shall be provided.
(D) Covers. Covers shall be over 45 kg (100 lb) or otherwise designed to require the use of tools to open. They shall be designed or restrained so they cannot fall into the manhole or protrude sufficiently to contact electrical conductors or equip- ment within the manholc.
(E) Marking. Manhole covers shall have an identifying mark or logo that prominently indicates their function, such as "clcc- tric."
110.76 Access to Vaults and Tunnels.
(A) Location. Access openings for personnel shall be located where they are not directly above electrical equipment or conductors in the enclosure. Other openings shall be permit- ted over equipment to facilitate installation, maintenance, or replacement of equipment.
(B) Locks. In addition to compliance with the requirements of 110.34, if applicable, access openings for personnel shall be arranged such that a person on the inside can exit when the access door is locked from the outside, or in the case of
70-74
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 110- GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS
110.79
normally locking by padlock, the locking arrangement shall be such that the padlock can be closed on the locking system to prevent locking from the outside.
110.77 Ventilation. Where manholes, tunnels, and vaults have communicating openings into enclosed arcas used by the public, ventilation to open air shall be provided wherever prac- ticable.
110.78 Guarding. Where conductors or equipment, or both, could be contacted by objects falling or being pushed through a ventilating grating, both conductors and live parts shall be protected in accordance with the requirements of 110.27(A) (2) or 110.31(B) (1), depending on the voltage.
110.79 Fixed Ladders. Fixed ladders shall be corrosion resist- ant.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-75
CHAPTER 2
ARTICLE 200 - USE AND IDENTIFICATION OF GROUNDED CONDUCTORS
Chapter 2 Wiring and Protection
ARTICLE 200 Use and Identification of Grounded Conductors
200.1 Scope. This article provides requirements for the follow- ing:
(1) Identification of terminals
(2) Grounded conductors in premises wiring systems
(3) Identification of grounded conductors
Informational Note: See Article 100 for definitions of Grounded Conductor, Equipment Grounding Conductor, and Grounding Electrode Conductor.
200.2 General. Grounded conductors shall comply with 200.2(A) and (B).
(A) Insulation. The grounded conductor, if insulated, shall have insulation that complies with cither one of the following:
(1) Is suitably rated, other than color, for any ungrounded conductor of the same circuit for systems of 1000 volts or Icss.
(2) Is rated not less than 600 volts for solidly grounded neutral systems of over 1000 volts in accordance with 250.184(A)
(B) Continuity. The continuity of a grounded conductor shall not depend on a connection to a metal enclosure, raceway, or cable armor.
Informational Note: See 300.13(B) for the continuity of groun- ded conductors used in multiwire branch circuits.
200.3 Connection to Grounded System. Grounded conductors of premises wiring systems shall be electrically connected to the supply system grounded conductor to ensure a common, continuous grounded system. For the purpose of this section, electrically connected shall mcan making a direct electrical connection capable of carrying current, as distinguished from induced currents.
Exception: Listed interactive inverters identified for use in distributed resource generation systems such as photovoltaic and fuel cell power systems shall be permitted to be connected to premises wiring without a gvunded conductor if the connected premises wiring or utility system includes a grounded conductor.
200.4 Neutral Conductors. Neutral conductors shall be installed in accordance with 200.4(A) and (B).
(A) Installation. Neutral conductors shall not be used for more than one branch circuit, for more than one multiwire branch circuit, or for more than one set of ungrounded feeder conductors unless specifically permitted elsewhere in this Code.
Informational Note: See 215.4 for information on common neutrals.
(B) Multiple Circuits. Where more than one neutral conduc- tor associated with different circuits is in an enclosure, groun- ded circuit conductors of cach circuit shall be identified or grouped to correspond with the ungrounded circuit conduc-
tor(s) by wire markers, cable tics, or similar means in at least one location within the enclosure.
Exception No. 1: The requirement for grouping or identifying shall not apply if the branch-circuit or feeder conductors enter from a cable or a raceway unique to the circuit that makes the grouping obvious.
Exception No. 2: The requirement for grouping or identifying shall not apply where branch-circuit conductors pass through a box or conduit body without a loop as described in 314. 16(B)( 1) or without a splice or termination.
200.6 Means of Identifying Grounded Conductors.
(A) Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller. The insulation of grounded conductors of 6 AWG or smaller shall be identified by one of the following means:
(1) A continuous white outer finish.
(2) A continuous gray outer finish.
(3) Three continuous white or gray stripes along the conduc- tor's entire length on other than green insulation.
(4) Conductors with white or gray insulation and colored tracer threads in the braid identifying the source of manufacturc.
(5) A single-conductor, sunlight-resistant, outdoor-rated cable used .as a solidly grounded conductor in photovoltaic power systems, as permitted by 690.31(C) (1), shall be identified at the time of installation by markings at termi- nations in accordance with 200.6(A) (1) through (A) (4).
(6) The grounded conductor of a mineral-insulated, metal- shcathed cable (Type MI) shall be identified at the time of installation by a distinctive white or gray marking at its terminations The marking shall encircle the conductor insulation.
(7) Fixture wire shall comply with the requirements for grounded conductor identification in accordance with 402.8.
(8) For acrial cable, the identification shall comply with one of the methods in 200.6(A) (1) through (A) (5), or by means of a ridge located on the exterior of the cable so as to identify it.
(B) Sizes 4 AWG or Larger. An insulated grounded conductor 4 AWG or larger shall be identified by one of the following mcans:
(1) A continuous white outer finish.
(2) A continuous gray outer finish.
(3) Three continuous white or gray stripes along the entire length on other than green insulation.
(4) At the time of installation, be identified by a distinctive white or gray marking at its terminations. This marking shall encircle the conductor insulation.
(C) Flexible Cords. An insulated conductor that is intended for use as a grounded conductor, where contained within a flexible cord, shall be identified by a white or gray outer finish or by methods permitted by 400.22.
(D) Grounded Conductors of Different Nominal Voltage Systems. If grounded conductors of different nominal voltage systems are installed in the same raceway, cable, box, auxiliary gutter, or other type of enclosure, cach grounded conductor
70-76
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
200.10
ARTICLE 200 - USE AND IDENTIFICATION OF GROUNDED CONDUCTORS
shall be identified by nominal voltage system. Identification that distinguishes cach nominal voltage system grounded conductor shall be permitted by one of the following means:
(1) Onc nominal voltage system grounded conductor shall have an outer covering conforming to 200.6(A) or (B).
(2) The grounded conductor(s) of other nominal voltage systems shall have a different outer covering conforming to 200.6(A) or (B) or by an outer covering of white or gray with a distinguishable colored stripe other than green running along the insulation.
(3) Other and different means of identification allowed by 200.6(A) or (B) shall distinguish cach nominal voltage system grounded conductor.
The means of identification shall be documented in a manner that is readily available or shall be permanently posted where the conductors of different nominal voltage systems orig- inatc.
(E) Grounded Conductors of Multiconductor Cables. The insulated grounded conductor(s) in a multiconductor cable shall be identified by a continuous white or gray outer finish or by three continuous white or gray stripes on other than green insulation along its entire length. For conductors that arc 4 AWG or larger in cables, identification of the grounded conductor shall be permitted to comply with 200.6(B). For multiconductor flat cable with conductors that are 4 AWG or larger, an external ridge shall be permitted to identify the grounded conductor.
Exception No. 1: Conductors within multiconductor cables shall be permitted to be re-identified at their terminations at the time of installa- tion by a distinctive white or gray marking or other equally effective means.
Exception No. 2: The grounded conductor of a multiconductor varnished-cloth-insulated cable shall be permitted to be identified at its terminations at the time of installation by a distinctive white marking or other equally effective means.
Informational Note: The color gray may have been used in the past as an ungrounded conductor. Care should be taken when working on existing systems.
200.7 Use of Insulation of a White or Gray Color or with Three Continuous White or Gray Stripes.
(A) General. The following shall be used only for the groun- ded circuit conductor, unless otherwise permitted in 200.7(B) and (C):
(1) A conductor with continuous white or gray covering
(2) A conductor with three continuous white or gray stripes on other than green insulation
(3) A marking of white or gray color at the termination
(B) Circuits of Less Than 50 Volts. A conductor with white or gray color insulation or three continuous white stripes or having a marking of white or gray at the termination for circuits of less than 50 volts shall be required to be grounded only in accordance with 250.20(A).
(C) Circuits of 50 Volts or More. The use of insulation that is white or gray or that has three continuous white or gray stripes for other than a grounded conductor for circuits of 50 volts or more shall be permitted only as in the following:
(1) If part of a cable assembly that has the insulation perma- nently reidentified to indicate its use as an ungrounded
conductor by marking tape, painting, or other effective means at its termination and at cach location where the conductor is visible and accessible. Identification shall encircle the insulation and shall be a color other than white, gray, or green. If used for single-pole, 3-way or 4-way switch loops, the reidentified conductor with white or gray insulation or three continuous white or gray stripes shall be used only for the supply to the switch, but not as a return conductor from the switch to the outlet.
(2) A flexible cord having one conductor identified by a white or gray outer finish or three continuous white or gray stripes, or by any other means in accordance with 400.22, that is used for connecting an appliance or equip- ment in accordance with 400.10. This shall apply to flexi- ble cords connected to outlets whether or not the outlet is supplied by a circuit that has a grounded conductor.
Informational Note: The color gray may have been used in the past as an ungrounded conductor. Care should be taken when working on existing systems.
200.9 Means of Identification of Terminals. In devices or utilization equipment with polarized connections, identifica- tion of terminals to which a grounded conductor is to be connected shall be white or silver in color. The identification of other terminals shall be of a distinguishable different color.
Exception: If the conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installations, terminals for grounded conductors shall be permitted to be permanently identified at the time of installation by a distinctive white marking or other equally effective means.
200.10 Identification of Terminals.
(A) Device Terminals. All devices, excluding panelboards, provided with terminals for the attachment of conductors and intended for connection to more than one side of the circuit shall have terminals marked for identification, unless the elec- trical connection of the terminal intended to be connected to the grounded conductor is clearly evident.
Exception: Terminal identification shall not be required for devices that have a current rating of over 30 amperes, other than polarized attach- ment plugs and polarized receptacles for attachment plugs in accord- ance with 200.10(B).
(B) Receptacles, Plugs, and Connectors. Receptacles, polar- ized attachment plugs, and cord connectors for plugs and polarized plugs shall have the terminal intended for connec- tion to the grounded conductor identified as follows:
(1) Identification shall be by a metal or metal coating that is white or silver in color or by the word "white" or the letter "W" located adjacent to the identified terminal.
(2) If the terminal is not visible, the conductor entrance hole for the connection shall be colored white or marked with the word "white" or the letter "W."
Informational Note: See 250.126 for identification of wiring device equipment grounding conductor terminals.
(C) Screw Shells. For devices with screw shells, the terminal for the grounded conductor shall be the one connected to the screw shell.
(D) Screw Shell Devices with Leads. For screw shell devices with attached leads, the conductor attached to the screw shell shall have a white or gray finish. The outer finish of the other conductor shall be of a solid color that will not be confused
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-77
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
200.10
ARTICLE 210 - BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
with the white or gray finish used to identify the grounded conductor.
Informational Note: The color gray may have been used in the past as an ungrounded conductor. Caution should be taken when working on existing systems.
(E) Appliances. Appliances that have a single-pole switch or a single-pole overcurrent device in the line or any line-connected screw shell lampholders, and that are to be connected by (1) a permanent wiring method or (2) field-installed attachment plugs and cords with three or more wires (including the equip- ment grounding conductor), shall have means to identify the terminal for the grounded circuit conductor (if any).
200.11 Polarity of Connections. No grounded conductor shall be attached to any terminal or lead so as to reverse the designa- ted polarity.
ARTICLE 210 Branch Circuits Not Over 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts de, Nominal
Part I. General
210.1 Scope. This article provides the general requirements for branch circuits not over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nomi- nal.
Informational Note: See Part II of Article 235 for requirements for branch circuits over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal.
210.2 Reconditioned Equipment. The following shall not be reconditioned:
(1) Equipment that provides ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel
(2) Equipment that provides arc-fault circuit-interrupter protection
210.3 Other Articles for Specific-Purpose Branch Circuits. Table 210.3 lists references for specific equipment and applica- tions not located in Chapters 5, 6, and 7 that amend or supple- ment the requirements of this article.
210.4 Multiwire Branch Circuits.
(A) General. Branch circuits recognized by this article shall be permitted as multiwire circuits. A multiwire circuit shall be permitted to be considered as multiple circuits. Except as permitted in 300.3(B)(4), all conductors of a multiwire branch circuit shall originate from the equipment containing the branch-circuit overcurrent protective device or protective devi- ccs.
Informational Note No. 1: A 3-phase, 4-wire, wye-connected power system used to supply power to nonlinear loads might necessitate that the power system design allow for the possibility of high hannonic currents on the neutral conductor.
Informational Note No. 2: See 300.13(B) for continuity of grounded conductors on multiwire circuits.
(B) Disconnecting Means. Each multiwire branch circuit shall be provided with a means that will simultaneously disconnect
Table 210.3 Specific-Purpose Branch Circuits
Equipment
Article
Section
Air-conditioning and refrigerating equipment Busways
440.6, 440.31,
and 440.32
Central heating equipment
422.12
other than fixed electric space-
heating equipment
Fixed electric heating equipment for pipelines and vessels
427.4
Fixed electric space-heating equipment
424.4
Fixed outdoor electrical deicing and snow-melting equipment
426.4
Infrared lamp industrial heating equipment
422.48 and 424.3
Motors, motor circuits, and
430
controllers
Switchboards and panelboards
408.52
all ungrounded conductors at the point where the branch circuit originates ..
Informational Note: See 240.15(B) for information on the use of single-pole circuit breakers as the disconnecting means.
(C) Line-to-Neutral Loads. Multiwirc branch circuits shall supply only linc-to-neutral loads.
Exception No. 1: A multiwire branch circuit that supplies only one utilization equipment shall be permitted to supply line-to-line loads.
Exception No. 2: A multiwire branch circuit shall be permitted to supply line-to-line loads if all ungrounded conductors of the multiwire branch cirruit are opened simultaneously by the branch-circuit overcurrent device.
(D) Grouping. The ungrounded and grounded circuit conductors of cach multiwire branch circuit shall be grouped in accordance with 200.4(B).
210.5 Identification for Branch Circuits.
(A) Grounded Conductor. The grounded conductor of a branch circuit shall be identified in accordance with 200.6.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductor. The equipment grounding conductor shall be identified in accordance with 250.119.
(C) Identification of Ungrounded Conductors. Ungrounded conductors shall be identified in accordance with 210.5(C) (1) or (2), as applicable.
(1) Branch Circuits Supplied from More Than One Nominal Voltage System. Where the premises wiring system has branch circuits supplied from more than one nominal voltage system, cach ungrounded conductor of a branch circuit shall be identi- fied by phase or line and by nominal voltage system at all termi- nation, connection, and splice points in accordance with 210.5(C) (1)(a) and (C) (1)(b). Different systems within the same premises that have the same nominal voltage shall be permitted to use the same identification.
(a) Means of Identification. The means of identification shall be permitted to be by separate color coding, marking tape, tagging, or other approved means.
70-78
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
368.17
ARTICLE 210 -BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
210.6
(b) Posting of Identification Means. The method used for conductors originating within cach branch-circuit panelboard or similar branch-circuit distribution equipment shall be docu- mented in a manner that is readily available or shall be perma- nently posted at cach branch-circuit panelboard or similar branch-circuit distribution equipment. The label shall be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved and shall not be handwritten.
Exception: In existing installations where a voltage system(s) already exists and a different voltage system is being added, it shall be permissi- ble to mark only the new system voltage. Existing unidentified systems shall not be required to be identified at each termination, connection, and splice point in accordance with 210.5(C)(1)(a) and (C)(1)(b). Labeling shall be required at each voltage system distribution equipment to identify that only one voltage system has been marked for a new system(s). The new system label(s) shall include the words "other unidentified systems exist on the premises."
(2) Branch Circuits Supplied from Direct-Current Systems. Where a branch circuit is supplied from a dc system operating at more than 60 volts, cach ungrounded conductor of 4 AWG or larger shall be identified by polarity at all termination, connection, and splice points by marking tape, tagging, or other approved means; cach ungrounded conductor of 6 AWG or smaller shall be identified by polarity at all termination, connection, and splice points in compliance with 210.5(C) (2) (a) and (b). The identification methods utilized for conductors originating within cach branch-circuit panelboard or similar branch-circuit distribution equipment shall be documented in a manner that is readily available or shall be permanently posted at cach branch-circuit panelboard or similar branch- circuit distribution equipment.
(a) Positive Polarity, Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller: Where the posi- tive polarity of a dc system does not serve as the connection point for the grounded conductor, cach positive ungrounded conductor shall be identified by one of the following means:
(1) A continuous red outer finish
(2) A continuous red stripe durably marked along the conductor's entire length on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black
(3) Imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black and repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) in accordance with 310.8(B)
(4) An approved permanent marking means such as sleeving or shrink-tubing that is suitable for the conductor size, at all termination, connection, and splice points, with imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black
(b) Negative Polarity, Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller: Where the negative polarity of a de system does not serve as the connec- tion point for the grounded conductor, cach negative ungroun- ded conductor shall be identified by one of the following mcans:
(1) A continuous black outer finish
(2) A continuous black stripe durably marked along the conductor's entire length on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red
(3) Imprinted minus signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red and repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) in accordance with 310.8(B)
(4) An approved permanent marking means such as sleeving or shrink-tubing that is suitable for the conductor size, at all termination, connection, and splice points, with imprinted minus signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red
210.6 Branch-Circuit Voltage Limitations. The nominal voltage of branch circuits shall not exceed the values permitted by 210.6(A) through (D).
(A) Occupancy Limitation. In dwelling units and guest rooms or guest suites of hotels, motels, and similar occupancies, the voltage shall not exceed 120 volts, nominal, between conduc- tors that supply the terminals of the following:
(1) Luminaires
(2) Cord-and-plug-connected loads 1440 volt-amperes, nomi- nal, or less or less than 1/4 hp
(B) 120 Volts Between Conductors. Circuits not exceeding 120 volts, nominal, between conductors shall be permitted to supply the following:
(1) The terminals of lampholders applied within their voltage ratings
(2) Auxiliary equipment of electric-discharge lamps Informational Note: See 410.137 for auxiliary equipment limita- tions.
(3): Cord-and-plug-connected or permanently connected utilization equipment
(C) 277 Volts to Ground. Circuits exceeding 120 volts, nomi- nal, between conductors and not exceeding 277 volts, nominal, to ground shall be permitted to supply cord-and-plug- connected or permanently connected utilization equipment, or the following types of listed luminaires:
(1) Electric-discharge luminaires with integral ballasts
(2) LED luminaires with LED drivers between the branch circuit and the lampholders
(3) Incandescent or LED luminaires, equipped with medium- base or smaller screw shell lampholders, where the lamp- holders are supplied at 120 volts or less from the output of a stepdown autotransformer, LED driver, or other type of power supply that is an integral component of the luminaire
Informational Note No. 1: See 410.90 for requirements regard- ing the connection of screw shell lampholders to grounded conductors.
(4) Luminaires equipped with mogul-base screw shell lamp- holders
(5) Luminaires equipped with lampholders, other than the screw shell type, when used within the voltage ratings of their lampholders
(6) Luminaires without lampholders
Informational Note No. 2: Luminaires with nonserviceable I.EDs are examples of luminaires without lampholders.
(7) Auxiliary equipment of electric-discharge or LED-type lamps
Informational Note No. 3: See 410.137 for auxiliary equipment limitations.
(8) Luminaires converted with listed retrofit kits incorporat- ing integral LED light sources or accepting LED lamps
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-79
210.6
ARTICLE 210 - BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
that also conform with 210.6(C)(1), (C) (2), (C) (3), (C) (4), or (C)(5)
(D) 1000 Volts ac or 1500 Volts de Between Conductors. Circuits exceeding 277 volts, nominal, to ground and not exceeding 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc, nominal, between conductors shall be permitted to supply the following:
(1) The auxiliary equipment of electric-discharge lamps mounted in permanently installed luminaires where the luminaires are mounted in accordance with one of the following:
a. Not less than a height of 6.7 m (22 ft) on poles or similar structures for the illumination of outdoor arcas such as highways, roads, bridges, athletic fields, or parking lots
b. Not less than a height of 5.5 m (18 ft) on other struc- tures such as tunnels
Informational Note: See 410.137 for auxiliary equipment limitations.
(2) Cord-and-plug-connected or permanently connected utilization equipment other than luminaires
(3) Luminaires powered from direct-current systems where cither of the following apply:
a. The luminaire contains a listed, dc-rated ballast that provides isolation between the de power source and the lamp circuit and protection from electric shock when changing lamps.
b. The luminaire contains a listed, dc-rated ballast and has no provision for changing lamps.
Exception No. 1 to (B), (C), and (D): For lampholders of infrared industrial heating appliances as provided in 425.14.
Exception No. 2 to (B), (C), and (D): For railway properties as described in 110.19.
210.7 Multiple Branch Circuits. If two or more branch circuits supply devices or equipment on the same yoke or mounting strap, a means to simultaneously disconnect the ungrounded supply conductors shall be provided at the point at which the branch circuits originate.
210.8 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Person- nel. A listed Class A GFCI shall provide protection in accord- ance with 210.8(A) through (F). The GFCI shall be installed in a readily accessible location.
Informational Note: See 215.9 for GFCI protection on feeders.
For the purposes of this section, the distance from recepta- cles shall be measured as the shortest path the power supply cord connected to the receptacle would follow without piercing a floor, wall, ceiling, or fixed barrier.
(A) Dwelling Units. All 125-volt through 250-volt receptacles installed in the following locations and supplied by single- phase branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground shall have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel:
(1) Bathrooms
(2) Garages and also accessory buildings that have a floor located at or below grade level not intended as habitable rooms and limited to storage arcas, work arcas, and arcas of similar usc
(3) Outdoors
(4) Crawl spaces - at or below grade level
(5) Basements
(6) Kitchens
(7) Arcas with sinks and permanent provisions for food preparation, beverage preparation, or cooking
(8) Sinks - where receptacles are installed within 1.8 m (6 ft) from the top inside edge of the bowl of the sink
(9) Boathouses
(10) Bathtubs or shower stalls - where receptacles are installed within 1.8 m (6 ft) of the outside edge of the bathtub or shower stall
(11) Laundry arcas
(12) Indoor damp and wet locations
Exception No. 1: Receptacles that are not readily accessible and are supplied by a branch circuit dedicated to electric snow-melting, deicing, or pipeline and vessel heating equipment shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with 426.28 or 427.22, as applicable.
Exception No. 2: A receptacle supplying only a permanently installed premises security system shall be permitted to omit ground-fault circuit- interrupler protection.
Exception No. 3: Listed weight-supporting ceiling receptacles (WSCR) utilized in combination with compatible weight-supporting attachment fittings (WSAF) installed for the purpose of supporting a ceiling lumin- aire or ceiling-suspended fan shall be permitted to omit ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection. If a general-purpose convenience recepta- cle is integral to the ceiling luminaire or ceiling-suspended fan, GFCI protection shall be provided.
Exception No. 4: Factory-installed receptacles that are not readily acces- sible and are mounted internally to bathroom exhaust fan assemblies shall not require GFCI protection unless required by the installation instructions or listing.
Informational Note: See 760.41 (B) and 760.121(B) for power supply requirements for fire alarm systems.
(B) Other Than Dwelling Units. All 125-volt through 250-volt receptacles supplied by single-phase branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground, 50 amperes or less, and all recepta- cles supplied by three-phase branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground, 100 amperes or less, installed in the following locations shall be provided with GFCI protection:
(1) Bathrooms
(2) Kitchens
(3) Arcas with sinks and permanent provisions for food preparation, beverage preparation, or cooking
(4) Buffet serving arcas with permanent provisions for food serving, beverage serving, or cooking
(5) Rooftops
(6) Outdoors
(7) Sinks where receptacles or cord-and-plug-connected fixed or stationary appliances are installed within 1.8 m (6 ft) from the top inside edge of the bowl of the sink
(8) Indoor damp or wet locations
(9) Locker rooms with associated showering facilities
(10) Garages, accessory buildings, service bays, and similar arcas other than vehicle exhibition halls and showrooms Crawl spaces at or below grade level
(11)
(12) Unfinished arcas of basements
(13) Aquariums, bait wells, and similar open aquatic vessels or containers, such as tanks or bowls, where receptacles are installed within 1.8 m (6 ft.) from the top inside edge or rim or from the conductive support framing of the vessel or container
70-80
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
210.11
ARTICLE 210-BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTSAC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
(14) Laundry arcas
(15) Bathtubs and shower stalls where receptacles are instal- led within 1.8 m (6 ft) of the outside edge of the bathtub or shower stall
Exception No. 1: Receptacles that are not readily accessible and are supplied by a branch circuit dedicated to electric snow-melting, deicing, or pipeline and vessel heating equipment shall be permitted to be instal- led in accordance with 426.28 or 427.22, as applicable.
Exception No. 2: Receptacles on rooftops shall not be required to be read- ily accessible other than from the rooftop.
Exception No. 3: Receptacles or cord-and-plug-connected fixed and stationary appliances installed within 1.8 m (6 ft) from the top inside edge of a bowl of a sink shall not be required to be GFCI protected in industrial establishments where the conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified personnel are involved, an assured equipment grounding conductor program in accordance with 590.6(B)(2) shall be permitted for only those receptacle outlets used to supply equipment that would create a greater hazard if power is inter- rupted or that has a design not compatible with GFCI protection.
Exception No. 4: Receptacles or cord-and-plug-connected fixed and stationary appliances installed within 1.8 m (6 ft) from the top inside edge of a bowl of a sink shall not be required to be GFCI protected in industrial laboratories where the receptacles are used to supply equip- ment if removal of power would introduce a greater hazard.
Exception No. 5: Receptacles located in patient bed locations of Cate- gory 2 (general care) or Category 1 (critical care) spaces of health care facilities shall be permitted to comply with 517.21.
Exception No. 6: Listed weight-supporting ceiling receptacles (WSCR) utilized in combination with compatible weight-supporting attachment fittings (WSAF) installed for the purpose of serving a ceiling luminaire or ceiling-suspended fan shall be permitted to omit GFC Iprotection. If a general-purpose convenience receptacle is integral to the ceiling lumin- aire or ceiling-suspended fan, GFC Iprotection shall be provided.
(C) Crawl Space Lighting Outlets. GFCI protection shall be provided for lighting outlets not exceeding 120 volts installed in crawl spaces.
(D) Specific Appliances. GFCI protection shall be provided for the branch circuit or outlet supplying the following applian- ces rated 150 volts or less to ground and 60 amperes or less, single- or 3-phase:
(1) Automotive vacuum machines
(2) Drinking water coolers and bottle fill stations
(3) High-pressure spray washing machines
(4) Tire inflation machines
(5) Vending machines
(6) Sump pumps
(7) Dishwashers (8) Electric ranges
(9) Wall-mounted ovens
(10) Counter-mounted cooking units
(11) Clothes dryers
(12) Microwave ovens
(E) Equipment Requiring Servicing. GFCI protection shall be provided for the receptacles required by 210.63.
(F) Outdoor Outlets. For dwellings, all outdoor outlets, other than those covered in 210.8(A), Exception No. 1, including outlets installed in the following locations, and supplied by
single-phase branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground, 50 amperes or less, shall be provided with GFCI protection:
(1) Garages that have floors located at or below grade level (2) Accessory buildings
(3) Boathouses
If equipment supplied by an outlet covered under the requirements of this section is replaced, the outlet shall be supplied with GFCI protection.
Exception No. 1: GFCI protection shall not be required on lighting outlets other than those covered in 210.8(C).
Exception No. 2: GFCI protection shall not be required for listed IIVAC equipment. This exception shall expire September 1, 2026.
210.9 Circuits Derived from Autotransformers. Branch circuits shall not be derived from autotransformers unless the circuit supplied has a grounded conductor that is electrically connected to a grounded conductor of the system supplying the autotransformer.
Exception No. 1: An autotransformer shall be permitted without the connection to a grounded conductor where transforming from a nomi- nal 208 volts to a nominal 240-volt supply or similarly from 240 volts to 208 volts.
Exception No. 2: In industrial occupancies, where conditions of main- tenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation, autotransformers shall be permitted to supply nominal 600-volt loads from nominal 480-volt systems, and 480-volt loads from nominal 600-volt systems, without the connection to a similar groun- ded conductor.
210.10 Ungrounded Conductors Tapped from Grounded Systems. Two-wire dc circuits and ac circuits of two or more ungrounded conductors shall be permitted to be tapped from the ungrounded conductors of circuits that have a grounded neutral conductor. Switching devices in cach tapped circuit shall have a pole in cach ungrounded conductor. All poles of multipole switching devices shall manually switch together where such switching devices also serve as a disconnecting means as required by the following:
(1) 410.93 for double-pole switched lampholders
(2) 410.104(B) for electric-discharge lamp auxiliary cquip- ment switching devices
(3) 422.31 (B) for an appliance
(4) 424.20 for a fixed electric space-heating unit
(5) 426.51 for electric deicing and snow-melting equipment
(6) 430.85 for a motor controller
(7) 430.103 for a motor
210.11 Branch Circuits Required. Branch circuits for lighting and for appliances, including motor-operated appliances, shall be provided to supply the loads calculated in accordance with 220.10. In addition, branch circuits shall be provided for specific loads not covered by 220.10 where required elsewhere in this Code and for dwelling unit loads as specified in 210.11(C).
(A) Number of Branch Circuits. The minimum number of branch circuits shall be determined from the total calculated load and the size or rating of the circuits used. In all installa- tions, the number of circuits shall be sufficient to supply the load served. In no case shall the load on any circuit exceed the maximum specified by 220.11.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-81
210.11
ARTICLE 210 - BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
(B) Load Evenly Proportioned Among Branch Circuits. Where the load is calculated on the basis of volt-amperes per square meter or per square foot, the wiring system up to and including the branch-circuit panelboard(s) shall be provided to serve not less than the calculated load. This load shall be evenly propor- tioned among multioutlet branch circuits within the panel- board(s). Branch-circuit overcurrent devices and circuits shall be required to be installed only to serve the connected load.
(C) Dwelling Units.
(1) Small-Appliance Branch Circuits. In addition to the number of branch circuits required by other parts of this section, two or more 20-ampere small-appliance branch circuits shall be provided for all receptacle outlets specified by 210.52(B).
(2) Laundry Branch Circuits. In addition to the number of branch circuits required by other parts of this section, at least one additional 20-ampere branch circuit shall be provided to supply the laundry receptacle outlet(s) required by 210.52(F). This circuit shall have no other outlets.
(3) Bathroom Branch Circuits. In addition to the number of branch circuits required by other parts of this section, one or more 120-volt, 20-ampere branch circuit shall be provided to supply bathroom(s) receptacle outlet(s) required by 210.52(D) and any countertop and similar work surface receptacle outlets. Such circuits shall have no other outlets.
Exception: Where the 20-ampere circuit supplies a single bathroom, outlets for other equipment within the same bathroom shall be permitted to be supplied in accordance with 210.23(B)( 1) and (B)(2).
(4) Garage Branch Circuits. In addition to the number of branch circuits required by other parts of this section, at least one 120-volt, 20-ampere branch circuit shall be installed to supply receptacle outlets, including those required by 210.52(G)(1) for attached garages and in detached garages with electric power. This circuit shall have no other outlets.
Additional branch circuits rated 15 amperes or greater shall be permitted to serve receptacle outlets other than those required by 210.52(G) (1).
Exception No. 1: This circuit shall be permitted to supply outdoor recep- tarle outlets.
Exception No. 2: Where the 20-ampere circuit supplies a single vehicle bay garage, outlets for other equipment within the same garage shall be permitted to be supplied in accordance with 210.23(B)(1) and (B)(2).
210.12 Arc-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. Arc-fault circuit-interrupter (AFCI) protection shall be installed in accordance with 210.12(B) through (E) by any of the means described in 210.12(A) (1) through (A) (6). The AFCI shall be listed and installed in a readily accessible location.
(A) Means of Protection. AFCI protection shall be provided by any of the following means:
(1) A listed combination-type AFCI installed to provide protection of the entire branch circuit.
(2) A listed branch/feeder-type AFCI installed at the origin of the branch circuit in combination with a listed outlet branch-circuit-type AFCI installed on the branch circuit at the first outlet box, which shall be marked to indicate that it is the first outlet of the branch circuit.
(3) A listed supplemental arc protection circuit breaker installed at the origin of the branch circuit in combina-
tion with a listed outlet branch-circuit-type AFCI installed on the branch circuit at the first outlet box if all of the following conditions are met:
a. The branch-circuit wiring shall be continuous from the branch-circuit overcurrent device to the outlet branch-circuit AFCI.
b. The maximum length of the branch-circuit wiring from the branch-circuit overcurrent device to the first outlet shall not exceed 15.2 m (50 ft) for a 14 AWG conductor or 21.3 m (70 ft) for a 12 AWG conductor.
c. The first outlet box shall be marked to indicate that it is the first outlet of the branch circuit.
(4) A listed outlet branch-circuit-type AFCI installed on the branch circuit at the first outlet in combination with a listed branch-circuit overcurrent protective device if all of the following conditions are met:
a. The branch-circuit wiring shall be continuous from the branch-circuit overcurrent device to the outlet branch-circuit AFCI.
b. The maximum length of the branch-circuit wiring from the branch-circuit overcurrent device to the first outlet shall not exceed 15.2 m (50 ft) for a 14 AWG conductor or 21.3 m (70 ft) for a 12 AWG conductor.
c. The first'outlet box shall be marked to indicate that it is the first outlet of the branch circuit.
d. The combination of the branch-circuit overcurrent device and outlet branch-circuit AFCI shall be identi- ficd as meeting the requirements for a system combination-type AFCI and listed as such.
(5) If metal raceway, metal wireways, metal auxiliary gutters, or Type MC or Type AC cable meeting the applicable requirements of 250.118, with metal boxes, metal conduit bodies, and metal enclosures are installed for the portion of the branch circuit between the branch-circuit overcur- rent device and the first outlet, it shall be permitted to install a listed outlet branch-circuit-type AFCI at the first outlet to provide protection for the remaining portion of the branch circuit.
(6) Where a listed metal or nonmetallic conduit or tubing or Type MC cable is encased in not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete for the portion of the branch circuit between the branch-circuit overcurrent device and the first outlet, it shall be permitted to install a listed outlet branch- circuit-type AFCI at the first outlet to provide protection for the remaining portion of the branch circuit.
Informational Note: See UL 1699-2011, Standard for Arc-Fault Circuit-Interruplers, for infonnation on combination-type and branch/feeder-type AFCI devices. See UL Subject 1699A, Outline of Investigation for Outlet Branch Circuit Arc-Fault Circuit-Interrupters, for information on outlet branch-circuit type AFCI devices. See UL Subject 1699C, Outline of Investigation for System Combination Arr-Fault Circuit Interrupters, for information on system combina- tion AFCIs.
(B) Dwelling Units. All 120-volt, single-phase, 10-, 15-, and 20- ampere branch circuits supplying outlets or devices installed in the following locations shall be protected by any of the means described in 210.12(A) (1) through (A) (6):
(1) Kitchens
(2) Family rooms
(3) Dining rooms
(4) Living rooms
(5) Parlors
(6) Libraries
70-82
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
210.19
ARTICLE 210 - BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
(7) Dens
(8) Bedrooms
(9) Sunrooms
(10) Recreation rooms
(11) Closets
(12) Hallways
(13) Laundry arcas
(14) Similar arcas
Exception No. 1: AFCI protection shall not be required for an individ- ual branch circuit supplying a fire alarm system installed in accordance with 760.41(B) or 760.121(B). The branch circuit shall be installed in a metal raceway, metal auxiliary gutter, steel-armored cable, or Type MC or Type AC cable meeting the applicable requirements of 250.118, with metal boxes, conduit bodies, and enclosures.
Exception No. 2: AFCI protection shall not be required for the individ- ual branch circuit supplying an outlet for arc welding equipment in a dwelling unit until January 1, 2025.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 72-2022, National Fire Alarm and Signaling Code, 29.9.4(5), for infonnation on secondary power source requirements for smoke alarms installed in dwell- ing units.
Informational Note No. 2: See 760.41 (B) and 760.121 (B) for power source requirements for fire alarm systems.
(C) Dormitory Units. All 120-volt, single-phase, 10-, 15-, and 20-ampere branch circuits supplying outlets or devices installed in the following locations shall be protected by any of the means described in 210.12(A) (1) through (A) (6):
(1) Bedrooms
(2) Living rooms
(3) Hallways
(4) Closets
(5) Bathrooms
(6) Similar rooms
(D) Other Occupancies. All 120-volt, single-phase, 10-, 15-, and 20-ampere branch circuits supplying outlets or devices installed in the following locations shall be protected by any of the means described in 210.12(A) (1) through (A) (6):
(1) Guest rooms and guest suites of hotels and motels
(2) Arcas used exclusively as patient sleeping rooms in nurs- ing homes and limited-care facilities
(3) Arcas designed for use exclusively as sleeping quarters in fire stations, police stations, ambulance stations, rescue stations, ranger stations, and similar locations
(E) Branch Circuit Wiring Extensions, Modifications, or Replacements. If branch-circuit wiring for any of the arcas specified in 210.12(B), (C), or (D) is modified, replaced, or extended, the branch circuit shall be protected by one of the following:
(1) By any of the means described in 210.12(A) (1) through (A) (6)
(2) A listed outlet branch-circuit-type AFCI located at the first receptacle outlet of the existing branch circuit
Exception: AFCI protection shall not be required where the extension of the existing branch-circuit conductors is not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) and does not include any additional outlets or devices, other than splicing devices. This measurement shall not include the conductors inside an enclosure, cabinet, or junction box.
210.13 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment. Each branch- circuit disconnecting means rated 1000 amperes or more and
installed on solidly grounded wye electrical systems of more than 150 volts to ground, but not exceeding 1000 volts phase- to-phase, shall be provided with ground-fault protection of equipment in accordance with 230.95.
Informational Note: See 517.17 for requirements on buildings that contain health care occupancies.
Exception No. 1: This section shall not apply to a disconnecting means for a continuous industrial process where a nonorderly shutdown will introduce additional or increased hazards.
Exception No. 2: This section shall not apply af ground-fault protection of equipment is provided on the supply side of the branch circuit and on the load side of any transformer supplying the branch circuit.
210.17 Guest Rooms and Guest Suites. Guest rooms and guest suites in the following occupancies that are provided with permanent provisions for cooking shall have branch circuits installed to meet the rules for dwelling units:
(1) Hotels
(2) Motels
(3) Assisted living facilities
Informational Note . No. 1: See 210.11(C)(2) and 210.52(F), Exception No. 2, for information on laundry branch circuits and receptacle outlets.
Informational Note No. 2 See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, 3.3.198.12 and A.3.3.198.12(5), for the definition of assisted living facilities.
Part II. Branch-Circuit Ratings
210.18 Rating. Branch circuits recognized by this article shall be rated in accordance with the maximum permitted ampere rating or setting of the overcurrent device. The rating for other than individual branch circuits shall be 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, and 50 amperes. Where conductors of higher ampacity are used for any reason, the ampere rating or setting of the specified over- current device shall determine the circuit rating.
Exception No. 1: Multioutlet branch circuits greater than 50 amperes shall be permitted to supply nonlighting outlet loads in locations where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the equipment.
Exception No. 2: Branch circuits rated 10 amperes shall not supply receptacle outlets.
210.19 Conductors - Minimum Ampacity and Size. Branch- circuit conductors for circuits not exceeding 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc shall be sized in accordance with 210.19(A) through (D).
Informational Note: Conductors for branch circuits as defined in Article 100, sized to prevent a voltage drop exceeding 3 percent at the farthest outlet of power, heating, and lighting loads, or combinations of such loads, and where the maximum total voltage drop on both feeders and branch circuits to the farthest outlet does not exceed 5 percent, provide reasonable efficiency of operation. See 215.2(A) (2), Infonnational Note No. 2, for information on voltage drop on feeder conductors.
(A) General. Branch-circuit conductors shall have an ampacity not less than the larger of the following and comply with 110.14(C) for equipment terminations:
(1) Where a branch circuit supplies continuous loads or any combination of continuous and noncontinuous loads, the
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-83
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
210.19
ARTICLE 210 - BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
minimum branch-circuit conductor size shall have an ampacity not less than the noncontinuous load plus 125 percent of the continuous load in accordance with 310.14.
Exception to (1): If the assembly, including the overcurrent devices protecting the branch circuits, is listed for operation at 100 percent of its rating, the ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors shall be permitted to be not less than the sum of the continuous load plus the noncontinu- ous load in accordance with 110.14(C).
(2) The minimum branch-circuit conductor size shall have an ampacity not less than the maximum load to be served after the application of any adjustment or correction factors in accordance with 310.15.
Exception to (1) and (2): Where a portion of a branch circuit is connec- ted at both its supply and load ends to separately installed pressure connections as covered in 110.14(C)(2), an allowable ampacity in accordance with 310.15 not less than the sum of the continuous load plus the noncontinuous load shall be permitted. No portion of a branch circuit installed under this exception shall extend into an enclosure containing either the branch-circuit supply or the branch-circuit load terminations.
(B) Branch Circuits with More than One Receptacle. Conduc- tors of branch circuits supplying more than one receptacle for cord-and-plug-connected portable loads shall have an ampacity of not less than the rating of the branch circuit.
(C) Household Ranges and Cooking Appliances. Branch- circuit conductors supplying household ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter-mounted cooking units, and other household cooking appliances shall have an ampacity not less than the rating of the branch circuit and not less than the maximum load to be served. For ranges of 83/4 kW or more rating, the minimum branch-circuit rating shall be 40 amperes.
Exception No. 1: Conductors tapped from a branch circuit not exceed- ing 50 amperes supplying electric ranges, wall-mounted electric ovens, and counter-mounted electric cooking units shall have an ampacity of not less than 20 amperes and shall be sufficient for the load to be served. These tap conductors include any conductors that are a part of the leads supplied with the appliance that are smaller than the branch- circuit conductors. The taps shall not be longer than necessary for serv- icing the appliance.
Exception No. 2: The neutral conductor of a 3-wire branch circuit supplying a household electric range, a wall-mounted oven, or a counter-mounted cooking unit shall be permitted to be smaller than the ungrounded conductors where the maximum demand of a range of 83/4 kW or more rating has been calculated according to Column C of Table 220.55, but such conductor shall have an ampacity of not less than 70 percent of the branch-circuit rating and shall not be smaller than 10 AWG.
(D) Other Loads. Branch-circuit conductors that supply loads other than those specified in 210.3 and other than cooking appliances as covered in 210.19(C) shall have an ampacity suffi- cient for the loads served and shall not be smaller than 14 AWG.
Exception No. 1: Tap conductors shall have an ampacity sufficient for the load served. In addition, they shall have an ampacity of not less than 15 for circuits rated less than 40 amperes and not less than 20 for circuits rated at 40 or 50 amperes and only where these tap conductors supply any of the following loads:
(1) Individual lampholders or luminaires with taps extending not longer than 450 mm (18 in.) beyond any portion of the lamp- holder or luminaire
(2) A luminaire having tap conductors in accordance with 410.117
(3) Individual outlets, other than receptacle outlets, with taps not over 450 mm (18 in.) long
(4) Infrared lamp industrial heating appliances
(5) Nonheating leads of deicing and snow-melting cables and mats
Exception No. 2: Fixture wires and flexible cords shall be permitted to be smaller than 14 AWG as permitted by 240.5.
210.20 Overcurrent Protection. Branch-circuit conductors and equipment for circuits not exceeding 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts de shall be protected by overcurrent protective devi- ces that have a rating or setting that complies with 210.20(A) through (D).
(A) Continuous and Noncontinuous Loads. Where a branch circuit supplies continuous loads or any combination of contin- uous and noncontinuous loads, the rating of the overcurrent device shall not be less than the noncontinuous load plus 125 percent of the continuous load.
Exception: Where the assembly, including the overcurrent devices protecting the branch circuit(s), is listed for operation at 100 percent of its rating, the ampere rating of the overcurrent device shall be permitted to be not less than the sum of the continuous load plus the noncontinu- ous load.
(B) Conductor Protection. Conductors shall be protected in accordance with 240.4. Flexible cords and fixture wires shall be protected in accordance with 240.5.
(C) Equipment. The rating or setting of the overcurrent protective device shall not exceed that specified in the applica- ble articles referenced in Table 240.3 for equipment.
(D) Outlet Devices. The rating or setting shall not exceed that specified in 210.21 for outlet devices.
210.21 Outlet Devices. Outlet devices shall have an ampere rating that is not less than the load to be served and shall comply with 210.21 (A) and (B).
(A) Lampholders. Where connected to a branch circuit having a rating in excess of 20 amperes, lampholders shall be of the heavy-duty type. A heavy-duty lampholder shall have a rating of not less than 660 watts if of the admedium type, or not less than 750 watts if of any other type.
(B) Receptacles.
(1) Single Receptacle on an Individual Branch Circuit. A single receptacle installed on an individual branch circuit shall have an ampere rating not less than that of the branch circuit.
Exception No. 1: A receptacle installed in accordance with 430.81(B).
Exception No. 2: A receptacle installed exclusively for the use of a cord- and-plug-connected arc welder shall be permitted to have an ampere rating not less than the minimum branch-circuit conductor ampacity determined by 630.11(A) for arc welders.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of recepta- cle.
70-84
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 210 - BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
210.25
(2) Total Cord-and-Plug-Connected Load. Where connected to a branch circuit supplying two or more receptacles or outlets, a receptacle shall not supply a total cord-and-plug- connected load in excess of the maximum specified in Table 210.21 (B)(2).
(3) Receptacle Ratings. Where connected to a branch circuit supplying two or more receptacles or outlets, receptacle ratings shall not be less than the values listed in Table 210.21 (B) (3), or, where rated higher than 50 amperes, the receptacle rating shall not be less than the branch-circuit rating.
Exception No. 1: Receptarles installed exclusively for the use of cord- and-plug-connected arc welders shall be permitted to have ampere ratings not less than the minimum branch-circuit conductor ampacity determined by 630.11(A) or (B) for arr welders.
Exception No. 2: The ampere rating of a receptacle installed for electric discharge lighting shall be permitted to be based on 410.62(C).
(4) Range Receptacle Rating. The ampere rating of a range receptacle shall be permitted to be based on a single range demand load as specified in Table 220.55.
210.22 Permissible Loads, Individual Branch Circuits. An indi- vidual branch circuit shall be permitted to supply any load for which it is rated, but in no case shall the load exceed the branch-circuit ampere rating.
210.23 Permissible Loads, Multiple-Outlet Branch Circuits. In no case shall the load exceed the branch-circuit ampere rating. A branch circuit supplying two or more outlets or receptacles shall supply only the loads specified according to its size in accordance with 210.23(A) through (E) and as summarized in 210.24.
(A) 10-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 10-ampere branch circuit shall comply with the requirements of 210.23(A) (1) and (A) (2).
(1) Loads Permitted for 10-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 10- ampere branch circuit shall be permitted to supply one or more of the following:
(1) Lighting outlets
Table 210.21(B)(2) Maximum Cord-and-Plug-Connected Load to Receptacle
Circuit Rating (Amperes)
Receptacle Rating (Amperes)
Maximum Load (Amperes)
15 or 20
15
12
20
20
16
30
30
24
Table 210.21(B)(3) Receptacle Ratings for Circuits Serving More Than One Receptacle or Receptacle Outlet
Circuit Rating (Amperes)
Receptacle Rating (Amperes)
15
15
20
15 or 20
30
30
40
40 or 50
50
50
(2) Dwelling unit exhaust fans on bathroom or laundry room lighting circuits
(3) A gas fireplace unit supplied by an individual branch circuit
(2) Loads Not Permitted for 10-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 10- ampere branch circuit shall not supply any of the following:
(1) Receptacle outlets
(2) Fixed appliances, except as permitted for individual branch circuits
(3) Garage door openers
(4) Laundry equipment
(B) 15- and 20-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 15- or 20-ampere branch circuit shall be permitted to supply lighting outlets, lighting units, or other utilization equipment, or any combina- tion of them, and shall comply with 210.23(B) (1) and (B) (2).
Exception: The small-appliance branch cirruits, laundry branch rirruits, and bathroom branch circuits required in a dwelling unit(s) by 210.11(C)(1), (C)(2), and (C)(3) shall supply only the receptacle outlets specified in that section.
(1) Cord-and-Plug-Connected Equipment Not Fastened in Place. The rating of any one cord-and-plug-connected utiliza- tion equipment not fastened in place shall not exceed 80 percent of the branch-circuit ampere rating.
(2) Utilization Equipment Fastened in Place. The total rating of utilization equipment fastened in place, other than lumin- aires, shall not exceed 50 percent of the branch-circuit ampere rating where lighting units, cord-and-plug-connected utilization equipment not fastened in place, or both, are also supplied.
(C) 30-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 30-ampere branch circuit shall be permitted to supply fixed lighting units with heavy-duty lampholders in other than a dwelling unit(s) or utilization equipment in any occupancy. The rating of any one cord-and- plug-connected utilization equipment shall not exceed 80 percent of the branch-circuit ampere rating.
(D) 40- and 50-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 40- or 50-ampere branch circuit shall be permitted to supply cooking appliances that are fastened in place in any occupancy. In other than dwelling units, such circuits shall be permitted to supply fixed lighting units with heavy-duty lampholders, infrared heating units, or other utilization equipment.
(E) Branch Circuits Larger Than 50 Amperes. Branch circuits larger than 50 amperes shall supply only nonlighting outlet loads.
210.24 Branch-Circuit Requirements Summary. The requirements for circuits that have two or more outlets or receptacles, other than the receptacle circuits of 210.11(C) (1), (C)(2), and (C)(3), arc summarized in Table 210.24(1) for copper conductors and Table 210.24(2) for aluminum and copper-clad aluminum conductors. Table 210.24(1) and Table 210.24(2) provide only a summary of minimum requirements. Sce 210.19, 210.20, and 210.21 for the specific requirements applying to branch circuits.
210.25 Branch Circuits in Buildings with More Than One Occupancy.
(A) Dwelling Unit Branch Circuits. Branch circuits in cach dwelling unit shall supply only loads within that dwelling unit or loads associated only with that dwelling unit.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-85
210.25
ARTICLE 210-BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTSAC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
Table 210.24(1) Summary of Branch-Circuit Requirements - Copper Conductors
Circuit Rating
10 A
15 A
20 A
30 A
40 A
50A
Conductors (min. size):
Circuit wires
14
14
12
10
8
6
Taps
14
14
14
14
12
12
Fixture wires and cords
See 240.5.
Overcurrent Protection
10 A
15 A
20 A
30 A
40 A
50A
Outlet devices:
Lampholders permitted
Any type Not applicable?
Any type
Any type
Heavy duty 30 A
Heavy duty
Heavy duty 50 A
Maximum Load
10 A
15 A
20 A
30 A
40 A
50A
Permissible load
See 210.23(A).
See 210.23(B).
See 210.23(B).
See 210.23(C).
See 210.23(D).
See 210.23(D).
1For receptacle rating of cord-connected electric-discharge luminaires, see 410.62(C).
Branch circuits rated 10-amperes shall not supply receptacle outlets.
Table 210.24(2) Summary of Branch-Circuit Requirements - Aluminum and Copper-Clad Aluminum Conductors
Circuit Rating
10 A
15 A
20 A
30 A
40 A
50 A
Conductors (min. size):
Circuit wires
12
12
10
8
6
4
Taps
12
12
12
12
10
10
Fixture wires and cords
See 240.5.
Overcurrent Protection
10 A
15 A
20 A
30 A
40 A
50 A
Outlet devices:
Lampholders pennitted
Any type Not applicable?
Any type
Any type
Heavy duty
Heavy duty
Heavy duty 50 A
Receptacle rating'
15 max. A
15 A or 20 A
30 A
40 A or 50 A
Maximum Load
10 A
15 A
20 A
30 A
40 A
50 A
Permissible load
See 210.23(A).
See 210.23(B).
See 210.23(B).
See 210.23(C).
See 210.23(D).
See 210.23(D).
"For receptacle rating of cord-connected electric-discharge luminaires, see 410.62(C).
2Branch circuits rated 10-amperes shall not supply receptacle outlets.
(B) Common Area Branch Circuits. Branch circuits installed for lighting, central alarm, signal, communications, or other purposes for public or common arcas of a two-family dwelling, a multifamily dwelling, or a multi-occupancy building shall not be supplied from equipment that supplies an individual dwell- ing unit or tenant space.
Informational Note: Examples of public or common areas include, but are not limited to, lobbies, corridors, stairways, laundry rooms, roofs, elevators, washrooms, store rooms, drive- ways (parking), and mechanical rooms.
Part III. Required Outlets
210.50 Receptacle Outlets. Receptacle outlets shall be installed as specified in 210.52 through 210.65.
Informational Note: See Informative Annex J for information regarding ADA accessibility design.
(A) Cord Pendants. A cord connector that is supplied by a permanently connected cord pendant shall be considered a receptacle outlet.
(B) Cord Connections. A receptacle outlet shall be installed wherever flexible cords with attachment plugs are used. Where flexible cords are permitted to be permanently connected, receptacles shall be permitted to be omitted for such cords.
(C) Appliance Receptacle Outlets. Appliance receptacle outlets installed in a dwelling unit for specific appliances, such as laundry equipment, shall be installed within 1.8 m (6 ft) of the intended location of the appliance.
210.52 Dwelling Unit Receptacle Outlets. This section provides requirements for 125-volt, 15- and 20-ampere recepta- cle outlets. The receptacles required by this section shall be in addition to any receptacle that is as follows:
(1) Part of a luminaire or appliance, or
(2) Controlled by a listed wall-mounted control device in accordance with 210.70(A) (1), Exception No. 1, or
(3) Located within cabinets or cupboards, or
(4) Located more than 1.7 m (51/g ft) above the floor
Permanently installed electric baseboard heaters equipped with factory-installed receptacle outlets or outlets provided as a separate assembly by the manufacturer shall be permitted as the required outlet or outlets for the wall space utilized by such permanently installed heaters. Such receptacle outlets shall not be connected to the heater circuits.
Informational Note: Listed baseboard heaters include instruc- tions that may not pennit their installation below receptacle outlets.
(A) General Provisions. In cvery kitchen, family room, dining room, living room, parlor, library, den, sunroom, bedroom,
70-86
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Receptacle rating'
15 max. A
15 A or 20 A
40 A or 50 A
210.52
ARTICLE 210-BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
recreation room, or similar room or arca of dwelling units, receptacle outlets shall be installed in accordance with the general provisions specified in 210.52(A) (1) through (A) (4).
(1) Spacing. Receptacles shall be installed such that no point measured horizontally along the floor line of any wall space is more than 1.8 m (6 ft) from a receptacle outlet.
(2) Wall Space. As used in this section, a wall space shall include the following:
(1) Any space 600 mm (2 ft) or more in width (including space measured around corners) and unbroken along the floor line by doorways and similar openings, fireplaces, stationary appliances, and fixed cabinets that do not have countertops or similar work surfaces
(2) The space occupied by fixed panels in walls, excluding sliding panels
(3) The space afforded by fixed room dividers, such as free- standing bar-type counters or railings
(3) Floor Receptacles. Receptacle outlets in or on floors shall not be counted as part of the required number of receptacle outlets unless located within 450 mm (18 in.) of the wall.
(4) Countertop and Similar Work Surface Receptacle Outlets. Receptacles installed for countertop and similar work surfaces as specified in 210.52(C) shall not be considered as the recep- tacle outlets required by 210.52(A).
(B) Small Appliances.
(1) Receptacle Outlets Served. In the kitchen, pantry, break- fast room, dining room, or similar arca of a dwelling unit, the two or more 20-ampere small-appliance branch circuits required by 210.11 (C) (1) shall serve all wall and floor recepta- cle outlets covered by 210.52(A), all countertop outlets covered by 210.52(C), and receptacle outlets for refrigeration equip- ment.
Exception No. 1: In addition to the required receptarles specified by 210.52, switched receptacles supplied from a general-purpose 15- or 20- ampere branch circuit shall be permitted in accordance with 210.70(A) (1), Exception No. 1.
Exception No. 2: In addition to the required receptarles specified by 210.52, a receptacle outlet to serve a specific appliance shall be permit- ted to be supplied from an individual branch circuit rated 15 amperes or greater.
(2) No Other Outlets. The two or more small-appliance branch circuits specified in 210.52(B)(1) shall have no other outlets.
Exception No. 1: A receptacle installed solely for the electrical supply to and support of an electric clock in any of the rooms specified in 210.52(B)(1) shall be permitted to be served by a small-appliance branch circuit.
Exception No. 2: Receptacles installed to provide power for supplemen- tal equipment and lighting on gas-fired ranges, ovens, or counter- mounted cooking units shall be permitted to be served by a small- appliance branch circuit.
(3) Kitchen Receptacle Requirements. Receptacles installed in a kitchen to serve countertop surfaces shall be supplied by not fewer than two small-appliance branch circuits, cither or both of which shall also be permitted to supply receptacle outlets in the same kitchen and in other rooms specified in 210.52(B) (1). Additional small-appliance branch circuits shall be permit-
ted to supply receptacle outlets in the kitchen and other rooms specified in 210.52(B) (1). No small-appliance branch circuit shall serve more than one kitchen.
(C) Countertops and Work Surfaces. In kitchens, pantrics, breakfast rooms, dining rooms, and similar arcas of dwelling units, receptacle outlets for countertop and work surfaces that arc 300 mm (12 in.) or wider shall be installed in accordance with 210.52(C) (1) through (C) (3) and shall not be considered as the receptacle outlets required by 210.52(A).
For the purposes of this section, where using multioutlet assemblies, cach 300 mm (12 in.) of multioutlet assembly containing two or more receptacles installed in individual or continuous lengths shall be considered to be one receptacle outlet.
(1) Wall Spaces. Receptacle outlets shall be installed so that no point along the wall line is more than 600 mm (24 in.) mcas- ured horizontally from a receptacle outlet in that space. The location of the receptacles shall be in accordance with 210.52(C) (3).
Exception No. 1: Receptacle outlets shall not be required directly behind a range, counter-mounted cooking unit, or sink in the installation described in Figure 210.52(C)(1).
Exception No. 2: Where a required receptacle outlet cannot be installed in the wall areas shown in Figure 210.52(C)(1), the receptacle outlet shall be permitted to be installed as close as practicable to the countertop area to be served. The total number of receptacle outlets serving the countertop shall not be less than the number needed to satisfy 210.52(C)(1). These outlets shall be located in accordance with 210.52(C)(3).
(2) Island and Peninsular Countertops and Work Surfaces. Receptacle outlets, if installed to serve an island or peninsular countertop or work surface, shall be installed in accordance with 210.52(C) (3). If a receptacle outlet is not provided to serve an island or peninsular countertop or work surface, provi- sions shall be provided at the island or peninsula for future addition of a receptacle outlet to serve the island or peninsular countertop or work surface.
(3) Receptacle Outlet Location. Receptacle outlets shall be located in one or more of the following:
(1) On or above, but not more than 500 mm (20 in.) above, a countertop or work surface
(2) In a countertop using receptacle outlet assemblies listed for use in countertops
(3) In a work surface using receptacle outlet assemblieslisted for use in work surfaces or listed for use in countertops
Receptacle outlets rendered not readily accessible by appli- ances fastened in place, appliance garages, sinks, or rangetops as covered in 210.52(C)(1), Exception No. 1, or appliances occupying assigned spaces shall not be considered as these required outlets.
Informational Note No. 1: See 406.5(E) for installation of recep- tacles in countertops and 406.5(F) for installation of receptacles in work surfaces. See 380.10 for installation of multioutlet assemblies.
Informational Note No. 2: See Informative Annex J and ANSI/ICC A117.1-2009, Standard on Accessible and Usable Build- ings and Facilities, for additional infonnation.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-87
210.52
ARTICLE 210- BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTSAC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
Outlet within-> 600 mm (24 in.)
Space exempt from wall line if X < 300 mm (12 in.)
Outlet within-> 600 mm (24 in.)
-X->
Range, counter-mounted cooking unit or sink in counter space
Space exempt from wall line if X < 450 mm (18 in.)
- Outlet within 600 mm (24 in.)->
X
Range, counter-mounted cooking unit or sink mounted in corner
Outlet within 600 mm (24 in.)
FIGURE 210.52(C)(1) Determination of Area Behind a Range, Counter-Mounted Cooking Unit, or Sink.
(D) Bathrooms. At least one receptacle outlet shall be installed in bathrooms within 900 mm (3 ft) of the outside edge of cach sink. The receptacle outlet shall he located on a wall or partition that is adjacent to the sink or sink countertop, located on the countertop, or installed on the side or face of the sink cabinet. In no case shall the receptacle be located more than 300 mm (12 in.) below the top of the sink or sink countertop. Receptacle outlet assemblies listed for use in coun- tertops shall be permitted to be installed in the countertop.
Informational Note: See 406.5(E) and 406.5(G) for require- ments on installation of receptacles in countertops.
(E) Outdoor Outlets. Outdoor receptacle outlets shall be installed in accordance with 210.52(E) (1) through (E) (3).
(1) One-Family and Two-Family Dwellings. For a one-family dwelling and cach unit of a two-family dwelling that is at grade level, at least one receptacle outlet readily accessible from grade and not more than 2.0 m (61/ ft) above grade level shall be installed at the front and back of the dwelling.
(2) Multifamily Dwellings. For cach dwelling unit of a multi- family dwelling where the dwelling unit is located at grade level and provided with individual exterior entrance/egress, at least one receptacle outlet readily accessible from grade and not more than 2.0 m (61/g ft) above grade level shall be installed.
(3) Balconies, Decks, and Porches. Balconies, decks, and porches that are within 102 mm (4 in.) horizontally of the dwelling unit shall have at least one receptacle outlet accessible from the balcony, deck, or porch. The receptacle outlet shall not he located more than 2.0 m (6)/s ft) above the balcony, deck, or porch walking surface.
(F) Laundry Areas. In dwelling units, at least one receptacle outlet shall be installed in arcas designated for the installation of laundry equipment.
Exception No. 1: A receptacle for laundry equipment shall not be required in a dwelling unit of a multifamily building where laundry facilities are provided on the premises for use by all building occupants.
Exception No. 2: A receptacle for laundry equipment shall not be required in other than one-family dwellings where laundry facilities are not to be installed or permitted.
(G) Basements, Garages, and Accessory Buildings. For onc- and two-family dwellings, and multifamily dwellings, at least one receptacle outlet shall be installed in the arcas specified in 210.52(G)(1) through (G)(3). These receptacles shall be in addition to receptacles required for specific equipment. Recep- tacles supplying only a permanently installed premises security system shall not be considered as meeting these requirements.
(1) Garages. In cach attached garage and in cach detached garage with electric power, at least one receptacle outlet shall be installed in cach vehicle bay and not more than 1.7 m (51/2 ft) above the floor.
Exception: Garage spaces not attached to an individual dwelling unit of a multifamily dwelling shall not require a receptacle outlet in each vehicle bay.
(2) Accessory Buildings. In cach accessory building with clec- tric power.
(3) Basements. In cach separate unfinished portion of a base- ment.
(H) Hallways. In dwelling units, hallways of 3.0 m (10 ft) or more in length shall have at least one receptacle outlet.
As used in this subsection, the hallway length shall be consid- cred the length along the centerline of the hallway without passing through a doorway.
(I) Foyers. Foyers that are not part of a hallway in accordance with 210.52(H) and that have an arca that is greater than 5.6 m2 (60 ft2) shall have a receptacle(s) located in cach wall space 900 mm (3 ft) or more in width. Doorways, door-side windows that cxtend to the floor, and similar openings shall not be considered wall space.
210.60 Guest Rooms, Guest Suites, Dormitory Units, and Simi- lar Occupancies.
(A) General. Guest rooms or guest suites in hotels or motels, sleeping rooms in dormitory units, and similar occupancies shall have receptacle outlets installed in accordance with 210.52(A) and (D). Guest rooms or guest suites provided with permanent provisions for cooking shall have receptacle outlets installed in accordance with all of the applicable rules in 210.52.
(B) Receptacle Placement. The total number of receptacle outlets shall not be less than required in 210.52(A). These receptacle outlets shall be permitted to be located conveniently
70-88
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
210.70
ARTICLE 210 -BRANCH CIRCUITS NOT OVER 1000 VOLTSAC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
for permanent furniture layout. At least two receptacle outlets shall be readily accessible. Where receptacles are installed behind the bed, the receptacle shall be located to prevent the bed from contacting any attachment plug that may be installed or the receptacle shall be provided with a suitable guard.
210.62 Show Windows. At least one 125-volt, single-phase, 15- or 20-ampere-rated receptacle outlet shall be installed within 450 mm (18 in.) of the top of cach show window. No point along the top of the window shall be farther than 1.8 m (6 ft) from a receptacle outlet.
210.63 Equipment Requiring Servicing. A 125-volt, single- phasc, 15- or 20-ampere-rated receptacle outlet shall be installed at an accessible location within 7.5 m (25 ft) of the equipment as specified in 210.63(A) and (B).
Informational Note: See 210.8(E) for requirements on GFCI protection.
(A) Heating, Air-Conditioning, and Refrigeration Equipment. The required receptacle outlet shall be located on the same level as the heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration equip- ment. The receptacle outlet shall not be connected to the load side of the equipment's branch-circuit disconnecting means.
Exception: A receptacle outlet shall not be required at one- and two- family dwellings for the service of evaporative coolers.
(B) Other Electrical Equipment. In other than one- and two- family dwellings, a receptacle outlet shall be located as speci- ficd in 210.63(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Indoor Service Equipment. The required receptacle outlet shall be located within the same room or arca as the service equipment.
(2) Indoor Equipment Requiring Dedicated Equipment Spaces. Where equipment, other than service equipment, requires dedicated equipment space as specified in 110.26(E), the required receptacle outlet shall be located within the same room or arca as the electrical equipment and shall not be connected to the load side of the equipment's disconnecting means.
210.65 Meeting Rooms.
(A) General. Each meeting room of not more than 93 m2 (1000 ft2) in other than dwelling units shall have outlets for nonlocking-type, 125-volt, 15- or 20-ampere receptacles. The outlets shall be installed in accordance with 210.65(B). Where a room or space is provided with movable partition(s), cach room size shall be determined with the partition in the position that results in the smallest size meeting room.
Informational Note No. 1: For the purposes of this section, meeting rooms are typically designed or intended for the gath- ering of seated occupants for such purposes as conferences, deliberations, or similar purposes, where portable electronic equipment such as computers, projectors, or similar equipment is likely to be used.
Informational Note No. 2: Examples of rooms that are not meet- ing rooms include auditoriums, schoolrooms, and coffee shops.
(B) Receptacle Outlets Required. The total number of recep- tacle outlets, including floor outlets and receptacle outlets in fixed furniture, shall not be less than as determined in 210.65(B)(1) and (B)(2).
(1) Receptacle Outlets in Fixed Walls. The required number of receptacle outlets shall be determined in accordance with 210.52(A) (1) through (A) (4). These receptacle outlets shall be permitted to be located as determined by the installer, designer, or building owner.
(2) Floor Outlets. A meeting room with any floor dimension that is 3.7 m (12 ft) or greater in any direction and that has a floor arca of at least 20 m2 (215 ft2) shall have at least one floor receptacle outlet, or at least one floor outlet to serve a recepta- cle(s), located at a distance not less than 1.8 m (6 ft) from any fixed wall for cach 20 m2 (215 ft2) or fraction thereof.
Informational Note No. 1: See 314.27(B) for requirements on floor boxes used for receptacles located in the floor.
Informational Note No. 2: See 518.1 for requirements on assem- bly occupancies designed for 100 or more persons.
210.70 Lighting Outlets Required. Lighting outlets shall be installed where specified in 210.70(A), (B), and (C). The switch or wall-mounted control device shall not rely exclusively on a battery unless a means is provided for automatically ener- gizing the lighting outlets upon battery failure.
(A) Dwelling Units. In dwelling units, lighting outlets shall be installed in accordance with 210.70(A) (1) and (A) (2).
(1) Habitable Rooms, Kitchens, Laundry Areas, and Bath- rooms. At least one lighting outlet controlled by a listed wall- mounted control device shall be installed in every habitable room, kitchen, laundry arca, and bathroom. The wall-mounted control device shall be located near an entrance to the room on a wall.
Exception No. 1: In other than kitchens, laundry areas, and bath- rooms, one or more receptacles controlled by a listed wall-mounted control device shall be permitted in lieu of lighting outlets.
Exception No. 2: Lighting outlets shall be permitted to be controlled by occupancy sensors that are (1) in addition to listed wall-mounted control devices or (2) located at a customary wall switch location and equipped with a manual override that will allow the sensor to function as a wall switch.
(2) Additional Locations. Additional lighting outlets shall be installed in accordance with the following:
(1) At least one lighting outlet controlled by a listed wall- mounted control device shall be installed in hallways, stairways, attached garages, detached garages, and acces- sory buildings with electric power.
(2) For dwelling units, attached garages, and detached garages with electric power, at least one exterior lighting outlet controlled by a listed wall-mounted control device shall be installed to provide illumination on the exterior side of outdoor entrances or exits with grade-level access. A vehicle door in a garage shall not be considered as an outdoor entrance or exit.
Exception to (2): For an outdoor, grade-level bulkhead door with stair- way access to a sub-grade-level basement, the required lighting outlet that provides illumination on the stairway steps shall be permitted to be located in the basement interior within 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally of the bottommost stairway riser. This interior lighting outlet shall be permit- ted to be controlled by a listed wall-mounted control device or by a unit switch of the interior luminaire or interior lampholder.
(3) Where lighting outlets are installed for an interior stair- way with six or more risers between floor levels, there
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-89
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
210.70
ARTICLE 215 - FEEDERS
shall be a listed wall-mounted control device at cach floor level and at cach landing level that includes a stairway entry to control the lighting outlets.
Exception to (1), (2), and (3): Remote, central, or automatic control of lighting shall be permitted in hallways, in stairways, and at outdoor entrances.
(4) Dimmer control of lighting outlets installed in accord- ance with 210.70(A) (2) (3) shall not be permitted unless the listed control devices can provide dimming control to maximum brightness at cach control location for the inte- rior stairway illumination.
(B) Guest Rooms or Guest Suites. In hotels, motels, or similar occupancies, guest rooms or guest suites shall have at least one lighting outlet controlled by a listed wall-mounted control device installed in every habitable room and bathroom.
Exception No. 1: In other than bathrooms and kitchens where provided, one or more receptacles controlled by a listed wall-mounted control device shall be permitted in lieu of lighting outlets.
Exception No. 2: Lighting outlets shall be permitted to be controlled by occupancy sensors that are (1) in addition to listed wall-mounted control devices or (2) located at a customary wall switch location and equipped with a manual override that allows the sensor to function as a wall switch.
(C) All Occupancies. For attics and underfloor spaces, utility rooms, and basements, at least one lighting outlet containing a switch or controlled by a wall switch or listed wall-mounted control device shall be installed where these spaces are used for storage or contain equipment requiring servicing. A point of control shall be at cach entry that permits access to the attic and underfloor space, utility room, or basement. Where a light- ing outlet is installed for equipment requiring service, the light- ing outlet shall be installed at or near the equipment.
ARTICLE 215 Feeders
215.1 Scope. This article covers the installation requirements, overcurrent protection requirements, minimum size, and ampacity of conductors for feeders not over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc, nominal.
Informational Note: See Part III of Article 235 for feeders over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc.
215.2 Minimum Rating and Size.
(A) General. Feeder conductors shall have an ampacity not less than the larger of 215.2(A) (1) or (A) (2) and shall comply with 110.14(C).
(1) Continuous and Noncontinuous Loads. Where a feeder supplies continuous loads or any combination of continuous and noncontinuous loads, the minimum feeder conductor size shall have an ampacity not less than the noncontinuous load plus 125 percent of the continuous load.
Exception No. 1: If the assembly, including the overcurrent devires protecting the feeder(s), is listed for operation at 100 percent of its
rating, the ampacity of the feeder conductors shall be permitted to be not less than the sum of the continuous load plus the noncontinuous load.
Exception No. 2: Where a portion of a feeder is connected at both its supply and load ends to separately installed pressure connections as covered in 110.14(C)(2), it shall be permitted to have an ampacity not less than the sum of the continuous load plus the noncontinuous load. No portion of a feeder installed under this exception shall extend into an enclosure containing either the feeder supply or the feeder load termi- nations, as covered in 110.14(C)(1).
Exception No. 3: Grounded conductors that are not connected to an overcurrent device shall be permitted to be sized at 100 percent of the continuous and noncontinuous load.
(2) Ampacity Adjustment or Correction Factors. The mini- mum feeder conductor size shall have an ampacity not less than the maximum load to be served after the application of any adjustment or correction factors in accordance with 310.14.
Informational Note No. 1: See Informative Annex D for Exam- ples DI through DII.
Informational Note No. 2: Conductors for feeders, as defined in Article 100, sized to prevent a voltage drop exceeding 3 percent at the farthest outlet of power, heating, and lighting loads, or combinations of such loads, and where the maximum total volt- age drop on both feeders and branch circuits to the farthest outlet does not exceed 5 percent, will provide reasonable effi- ciency of operation.
Informational Note No. 3: See 210.19, Informational Note for voltage drop for branch circuits.
(B) Grounded Conductor. The size of the feeder circuit grounded conductor shall not be smaller than the equipment grounding conductor size required by 250.122, except that 250.122(F) shall not apply where grounded conductors are run in parallel.
Additional minimum sizes shall be as specified in 215.2(C) under the conditions stipulated.
(C) Ampacity Relative to Service Conductors. The feeder conductor ampacity shall not be less than that of the service conductors where the feeder conductors carry the total load supplied by service conductors with an ampacity of 55 amperes or less.
215.3 Overcurrent Protection. Feeders shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with Part I of Article 240. Where a feeder supplies continuous loads or any combination of continuous and noncontinuous loads, the rating of the over- current device shall not be less than the noncontinuous load plus 125 percent of the continuous load.
Exception: Where the assembly, including the overcurrent devices protecting the feeder(s), is listed for operation at 100 percent of its rating, the ampere rating of the overcurrent device shall be permitted to be not less than the sum of the continuous load plus the noncontinuous load.
215.4 Feeders with Common Neutral Conductor.
(A) Feeders with Common Neutral. Up to three sets of 3-wire feeders or two sets of 4-wire or 5-wire feeders shall be permitted to utilize a common neutral.
70-90
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 215 - FEEDERS
215.12
(B) In Metal Raceway or Enclosure. Where installed in a metal raceway or other metal enclosure, all conductors of all feeders using a common neutral conductor shall be enclosed within the same raceway or other enclosure as required in 300.20.
215.5 Diagrams of Feeders. If required by the authority having jurisdiction, a diagram showing feeder details shall be provided prior to the installation of the feeders. Such a diagram shall show the arca in square feet of the building or other structure supplied by cach feeder, the total calculated load before applying demand factors, the demand factors used, the calculated load after applying demand factors, and the size and type of conductors to be used.
215.6 Feeder Equipment Grounding Conductor. Where a feeder supplies branch circuits in which equipment grounding conductors are required, the feeder shall include or provide an equipment grounding conductor, to which the equipment grounding conductors of the branch circuits shall be connec- ted. Where the feeder supplies a separate building or structure, the requirements of 250.32 shall apply.
215.7 Ungrounded Conductors Tapped from Grounded Systems. Two-wire dc circuits and ac circuits of two or more ungrounded conductors shall be permitted to be tapped from the ungrounded conductors of circuits having a grounded neutral conductor. Switching devices in cach tapped circuit shall have a pole in cach ungrounded conductor.
215.9 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Person- nel. Feeders shall be permitted to be protected by a listed ground-fault circuit interrupter installed in a readily accessible location in licu of the provisions for such interrupters as speci- ficd in 210.8 and 590.6(A).
215.10 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment. Each fccder disconnect rated 1000 amperes or more and installed on solidly grounded wyc electrical systems of more than 150 volts to ground, but not exceeding 1000 volts phase-to-phase, shall be provided with ground-fault protection of equipment in accord- ance with 230.95.
Informational Note: See 517.17 for buildings that contain health care occupancies.
Exception No. 1: This section shall not apply to a disconnecting means for a continuous industrial process where a nonorderly shutdown will introduce additional or increased hazards.
Exception No. 2: This section shall not apply if ground-fault protection of equipment is provided on the supply side of the feeder and on the load side of any transformer supplying the feeder.
Exception No. 3: If temporary feeder conductors are used to connect a generator to a facility for repair, maintenance, or emergencies, ground- fault protection of equipment shall not be required. Temporary feeders without ground-fault protection shall be permitted for the time period necessary but shall not exceed 90 days.
215.11 Circuits Derived from Autotransformers. Feeders shall not be derived from autotransformers unless the system supplied has a grounded conductor that is electrically connec- ted to a grounded conductor of the system supplying the auto- transformer.
Exception No. 1: An autotransformer shall be permitted without the connection to a grounded conductor where transforming from a nomi- nal 208 volts to a nominal 240-volt supply or similarly from 240 volts to 208 volts.
Exception No. 2: In industrial occupancies, where conditions of main- tenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation, autotransformers shall be permitted to supply nominal 600-volt loads from nominal 480-volt systems, and 480-volt loads from nominal 600-volt systems, without the connection to a similar groun- ded conductor.
215.12 Identification for Feeders.
(A) Grounded Conductor. The grounded conductor of a feeder, if insulated, shall be identified in accordance with 200.6.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductor. The equipment grounding conductor shall be identified in accordance with 250.119.
(C) Identification of Ungrounded Conductors. Ungrounded conductors shall be identified in accordance with 215.12(C) (1) or (C) (2), as applicable.
(1) Feeders Supplied from More Than One Nominal Voltage System. Where the premises wiring system has feeders supplied from more than one nominal voltage system, cach ungrounded conductor of a feeder shall be identified by phase or line and system at all termination, connection, and splice points in compliance with 215.12(C) (1) (a) and (C) (1) (b).
(a) Means of Identification. The means of identification shall be permitted to be by separate color coding, marking tape, tagging, or other approved means.
(b)' Posting of Identification Means. The method utilized for conductors originating within cach feeder panelboard or simi- lar feeder distribution equipment shall be documented in a manner that is readily available or shall be permanently posted at cach feeder panelboard or similar feeder distribution cquip- ment.
(2) Feeders Supplied from Direct-Current Systems. Where a feeder is supplied from a dc system operating at more than 60 volts, cach ungrounded conductor of 4 AWG or larger shall be identified by polarity at all termination, connection, and splice points by marking tape, tagging, or other approved means; cach ungrounded conductor of 6 AWG or smaller shall be identified by polarity at all termination, connection, and splice points in compliance with 215.12(C) (2) (a) and (C) (2) (b). The identification methods utilized for conductors origi- nating within cach feeder panelboard or similar feeder distri- bution equipment shall be documented in a manner that is readily available or shall be permanently posted at cach feeder panclboard or similar feeder distribution equipment.
(a) Positive Polarity, Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller: Where the posi- tive polarity of a dc system does not serve as the connection for the grounded conductor, cach positive ungrounded conductor shall be identified by one of the following means:
(1) A continuous red outer finish
(2) A continuous red stripe durably marked along the conductor's entire length on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black
(3) Imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black, and repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) in accordance with 310.8(B)
(4) An approved permanent marking means such as sleeving or shrink-tubing that is suitable for the conductor size, at all termination, connection, and splice points, with imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-91
215.15
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black
(b) Negative Polarity, Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller. Where the negative polarity of a dc system does not serve as the connec- tion for the grounded conductor, cach negative ungrounded conductor shall be identified by one of the following means:
(1) A continuous black outer finish
(2) A continuous black stripe durably marked along the conductor's entire length on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red
(3) Imprinted minus signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red, and repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) in accordance with 310.8(B)
(4) An approved permanent marking means such as sleeving or shrink-tubing that is suitable for the conductor size, at all termination, connection, and splice points, with imprinted minus signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red
215.15 Barriers. Barriers shall be placed such that no ener- gized, uninsulated, ungrounded busbar or terminal is exposed to inadvertent contact by persons or maintenance equipment while servicing load terminations in panelboards, switchboards, switchgear, or motor control centers supplied by feeder taps in 240.21 (B) or transformer secondary conductors in 240.21 (C) when the disconnecting device, to which the tap conductors are terminated, is in the open position.
215.18 Surge Protection.
(A) Surge-Protective Device. Where a feeder supplies any of the following, a surge-protective device (SPD) shall be instal- lcd:
(1) Dwelling units
(2) Dormitory units
(3) Guest rooms and guest suites of hotels and motels
(4) Arcas of nursing homes and limited-care facilities used exclusively as patient sleeping rooms
(B) Location. The SPD shall be installed in or adjacent to distribution equipment, connected to the load side of the feeder, that contains branch circuit overcurrent protective device(s) that supply the locations specified in 215.18(A).
Informational Note: Surge protection is most effective when closest to the branch circuit. Surges can be generated from multiple sources including, but not limited to, lightning, the electric utility, or utilization equipment.
(C) Type. The SPD shall be a Type I or Type 2 SPD.
(D) Replacement. Where the distribution equipment supplied by the feeder is replaced, all of the requirements of this section shall apply.
(E) Ratings. SPDs shall have a nominal discharge current rating (In) of not less than 10kA.
ARTICLE 220 Branch-Circuit, Feeder, and Service Load Calculations
Part I. General
220.1 Scope. This article provides requirements for calculat- ing branch-circuit, feeder, and service loads. Part I provides general requirements for calculation methods. Part II provides calculation methods for branch-circuit loads. Part III and Part IV provide calculation methods for feeder and service load.s. Part V provides calculation methods for farm loads. Part VI provides calculation methods for health care facilities. Part VII provides calculation methods for marinas, boatyards, floating buildings, and commercial and noncommercial dock- ing facilities.
Informational Note No. 1: See Informative Annex D for exam- ples.
Informational Note No. 2: See Informational Note Figure 220.1 for infonnation on the organization of this article.
220.3 Other Articles for Specific-Purpose Calculations. Table 220.3 shall provide references for specific-purpose calculation requirements not located in Chapters 5, 6, or 7 that amend or supplement the requirements of this article.
Part I General
Part II Branch-circuit load calculations
Part III Feeder and service load calculations
220.61 Neutral loads
Part IV Optional feeder and service calculations
Farm dwellings only
Farm dwellings only
Part V Farm load calculations
Part VI Health care facilities
Part VII Marinas, boatyards, floating buildings, and commercial and noncommercial docking facilities
Informational Note Figure 220.1 Branch-Circuit, Feeder, and Service Load Calculation Methods.
70-92
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
220.14
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
220.5 Calculations.
(A) Voltages. Unless other voltages are specified, for purposes of calculating branch-circuit and feeder loads, nominal system voltages of 120, 120/240, 208Y/120, 240, 347, 480Y/277, 480, 600Y/347, and 600 volts shall be used.
(B) Fractions of an Ampere. Calculations shall be permitted to be rounded to the nearest whole ampere, with decimal frac- tions smaller than 0.5 dropped.
(C) Floor Area. The floor arca for cach floor shall be calcula- ted from the outside dimensions of the building, dwelling unit, or other arca involved. For dwelling units, the calculated floor arca shall not include open porches or unfinished arcas not adaptable for future use as a habitable room or occupiable spacc.
Part II. Branch-Circuit Load Calculations
220.10 General. Branch-circuit loads shall be calculated in accordance with the following sections:
(1) 220.14 for other loads - all occupancies
(2) 220.16 for additions to existing installations
(3) 220.41 for dwelling units
(4) 220.42 for lighting loads for non-dwelling occupancies
(5) 220.44 for hotel and motel occupancies
220.11 Maximum Load. The total load on a branch circuit shall not exceed the rating of the branch circuit nor the maxi- mum loads specified in 220.11 (A) through (C) under the conditions specified therein.
(A) Motor-Operated and Combination Loads. Where a circuit supplies only motor-operated loads, the conductor sizing requirement specified in 430.22 shall apply. Where a circuit supplies only air-conditioning equipment, refrigerating equip-
Table 220.3 Specific-Purpose Calculation References
Calculation
Article
Section (or Part)
Air-conditioning and refrigerating equipment, branch-circuit conductor sizing
440
Part IV
Capacitors
460
460.8
Fixed electric heating equipment for pipelines and vessels, branch-circuit sizing
427
427.4
Fixed electric space-heating equipment, branch-circuit sizing
424
424.3
Fixed outdoor electric deicing and snow-melting equipment, branch- circuit sizing
426
426.4
Fixed resistance and electrode
425
425.4
industrial process heating equipment
430
430.26
Motors, multimotor and combination- load equipment
430
430.25
Motors, several motors or a motor(s) and other load(s)
430
430.24
Over 1000-volt ac and 1500-volt dc branch-circuit calculations
235
235.19
Over 1000-volt feeder calculations
215
215.2(B)
Phase converters, conductors
455
455.6
Storage-type water heaters
422
422.11
ment, or both, the requirements of 440.6 shall apply. For circuits supplying loads consisting of motor-operated utilization equipment that is fastened in place and has a motor larger than 's hp in combination with other loads, the total calculated load shall be based on 125 percent of the largest motor load plus the sum of the other loads in accordance with 430.24.
(B) Inductive and LED Lighting Loads. For circuits supplying lighting units that have ballasts, transformers, autotransform- crs, or LED drivers, the calculated load shall be based on the total ampere ratings of such units and not on the total watts of the lamps.
(C) Electric Cooking Appliances. Applying demand factors for ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter-mounted cooking units, and other household cooking appliance loads in excess of 13/4 k W shall be permitted in accordance with Table 220.55, includ- ing Notes 4, 5, and 6.
220.14 Other Loads - All Occupancies. Branch-circuit load calculations shall include calculation of a minimum load on cach outlet as calculated in 220.14(A) through (K) and then summed to establish the load on the branch circuit.
In all occupancies, the minimum load for cach outlet for general-use receptacles and outlets not used for general illumi- nation shall not be less than that calculated in 220.14(A) through (K), with the loads shown being based on nominal branch-circuit voltages.
Exception: The loads of outlets serving switchboards and switching frames in telephone exchanges shall be waived from the calculations.
(A) Specific Appliances or Loads. An outlet for a specific appliance or other load not covered in 220.14(B) through (K) shall be calculated based on the ampere rating of the appliance or load served.
(B) Electric Dryers and Electric Cooking Appliances in Dwell- ings and Household Cooking Appliances Used in Instructional Programs. Load calculations shall be permitted as specified in 220.54 for electric dryers and in 220.55 for electric ranges and other cooking appliances.
(C) Motor Outlets. The conductor sizing requirements speci- ficd in 430.22, 430.24, and 440.6 shall be used to determine the loads for motor outlets.
(D) Luminaires. An outlet supplying a luminaire (s) shall be calculated based on the maximum volt-ampere rating of the equipment and lamps for which the luminaire (s) is rated.
(E) Heavy-Duty Lampholders. Outlets for heavy-duty lamp- holders shall be calculated at a minimum of 600 volt-amperes.
(F) Sign and Outline Lighting. Sign and outline lighting outlets shall be calculated at a minimum of 1200 volt-amperes for cach required branch circuit specified in 600.5(A).
(G) Show Windows. Show windows shall be calculated in accordance with either of the following:
(1) The unit load per outlet as required in other provisions of this section
(2) At 200 volt-amperes per lincar 300 mm (1 ft) of show window
(H) Fixed Multioutiet Assemblies. Fixed multioutlet as.sem- blics used in other than dwelling units or the guest rooms or
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-93
Motors, feeder demand factor
220.14
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
guest suites of hotels or motels shall be calculated in accord- ance with the following:
(1) Where appliances are unlikely to be used simultaneously, cach 1.5 m (5 ft) or fraction thereof of cach separate and continuous length shall be considered as one outlet of not less than 180 volt-amperes.
(2) Where appliances are likely to be used simultaneously, cach 300 mm (I ft) or fraction thereof shall be consid- cred as an outlet of not less than 180 volt-amperes.
For the purposes of this section, the calculation shall be permitted to be based on the portion that contains receptacles.
(I) Receptacle Outlets. Except as covered in 220.41 and 220.14(J), receptacle outlets shall be calculated at not less than 180 volt-amperes for cach single or for cach multiple recepta- cle on one yoke. A single piece of equipment consisting of a multiple receptacle comprised of four or more receptacles shall be calculated at not less than 90 volt-amperes per recepta- clc. This provision shall not be applicable to the receptacle outlets specified in 210.11(C) (1) and (C) (2).
(J) Receptacle Outlets in Office Buildings. In office buildings, the receptacle loads shall be calculated to be the larger of the following:
(1) The calculated load from 220.14(I)
(2) 11 volt-amperes/m2 (1 volt-ampere/ft2)
(K) Other Outlets. Other outlets not covered in 220.14(A) through (J) shall be calculated based on 180 volt-amperes per outlet.
220.16 Loads for Additions to Existing Installations.
(A) Dwelling Units. Loads added to an existing dwelling unit(s) shall comply with the following as applicable:
(1) Loads for structural additions to an existing dwelling unit or for a previously unwired portion of an existing dwell- ing unit shall be calculated in accordance with 220.14.
(2) Loads for new circuits or extended circuits in previously wired dwelling units shall be calculated in accordance with 220.14.
(B) Other Than Dwelling Units. Loads for new circuits or extended circuits in other than dwelling units shall be calcula- ted in accordance with either 220.42 or 220.14, as applicable.
Part III. Feeder and Service Load Calculations
220.40 General. The calculated load of a feeder or service shall not be less than the sum of the loads on the branch circuits supplied, as determined by Part II of this article, after any applicable demand factors permitted or required by Part III, IV, V, VI, or VII have been applied.
Informational Note No. 1: See Infonnative Annex D, Examples Di (a) through D10, for examples of feeder and service load calculations.
Informational Note No. 2: See 220.11 (B) for the maximum load in amperes permitted for lighting units operating at less than 100 percent power factor.
220.41 Dwelling Units, Minimum Unit Load. In onc-family, two-family, and multifamily dwellings, the minimum unit load shall be not less than 33 volt-amperes/m2 (3 volt-amperes/ft2).
Unit loads include the following lighting and receptacle outlets, and no additional load calculations shall be required:
(1) All general-use receptacle outlets of 20-ampere rating or less, including receptacles connected to the circuits speci- ficd in 210.11 (C) (3) and (C) (4)
(2) The receptacle outlets specified in 210.52(E) and (G)
(3) The lighting outlets specified in 210.70
The minimum lighting load shall be determined using the minimum unit load and the floor arca as determined in 220.5(C) for dwelling occupancies. Motors rated less than 1/s hp and connected to a lighting circuit shall be considered part of the minimum lighting load.
220.42 Lighting Load for Non-Dwelling Occupancies.
(A) General. A unit load of not less than that specified in Table 220.42(A) for non-dwelling occupancies and the floor arca determined in 220.5(C) shall be used to calculate the minimum lighting load. Motors rated less than 1/8 HP and connected to a lighting circuit shall be considered general lighting load.
Informational Note: The unit values of Table 220.42(A) are based on minimum load conditions and 80 percent power factor and might not provide sufficient capacity for the installation contemplated.
(B) Energy Code. Where the building is designed and constructed to comply with an energy code adopted by the local authority, the lighting load shall be permitted to be calcu- lated using the unit values specified in the energy code where the following conditions are met:
(1)' A power monitoring system is installed that will provide continuous information regarding the total general light- ing load of the building.
(2) The power monitoring system will be set with alarm values to alert the building owner or manager if the light- ing load exceeds the values set by the energy code. Auto- matic means to take action to reduce the connected load shall be permitted.
(3) The demand factors specified in 220.45 are not applied to the general lighting load.
(4) The continuous load multiplier of 125 percent shall be applicd.
220.43 Office Buildings. In office buildings, the receptacle loads shall be calculated to be the larger of the following:
(1) The calculated load from 220.14(I) after Table 220.47 demand factors have been applied
(2) 11 volt-amperes/m2 or I volt-ampere/ft2
220.44 Hotel and Motel Occupancies. In guest rooms or guest suites of hotels and motels, the following lighting and recepta- cle outlets are included in the minimum unit load in Table 220.42(A), and no additional load calculations shall bc required for such outlets:
(1) All general-use receptacle outlets of 20-ampere rating or less, including receptacles connected to the circuits in 210.11(C) (3) and (C) (4)
(2) The receptacle outlets specified in 210.52(E) (3)
(3) The lighting outlets specified in 210.70
70-94
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
220.50
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
Table 220.42(A) General Lighting Loads by Non-Dwelling Occupancy
Unit Load
Type of Occupancy
Volt-amperes/ mª
Volt-amperes/ ft2
Automotive facility
16
1.5
Convention center
15
1.4
Courthouse
15
1.4
Donnitory
16
1.5
Exercise center
15
1.4
Fire station
14
1.3
Gymnasium1
18
1.7
Health care clinic
17
1.6
Hospital
17
1.6
Hotel or motel, or
18
1.7
apartment house without
provisions for cooking by tenants2
Library
16
1.5
Manufacturing facility3
24
2.2
Motion picture theater
17
1.6
Museum
17
1.6
Office+
14
1.3
Parking garage
3
0.3
Penitentiary
13
1.2
Performing arts theater
16
1.5
Police station
14
1.3
Post office
17
1.6
Religious facility
24
2.2
Restaurant6
16
1.5
Retail7. 8
20
1.9
School/university
16
1.5
Sports arena
16
1.5
Town hall
15
1.4
Transportation
13
1.2
Warehouse
13
1.2
Workshop
18
1.7
Note: The 125 percent multiplier for a continuous load as specified in 210.20(A) is included, therefore no additional multiplier shall be required when using the unit loads in this table for calculating the minimum lighting load for a specified occupancy.
'Armories and auditoriums are considered gymnasium-type occupancies.
2Lodge rooms are similar to hotels and motels.
3Industrial commercial loft buildings are considered manufacturing- type occupancies.
*Banks are office-type occupancies.
"Commercial (storage) garages are considered parking garage occupancies.
"Clubs are considered restaurant occupancies.
"Barber shops and beauty parlors are considered retail occupancies. "Stores are considered retail occupancies.
220.45 General Lighting. The demand factors specified in Table 220.45 shall apply to that portion of the total branch- circuit load calculated for general illumination. They shall not be applied in determining the number of branch circuits for general illumination.
220.46 Show-Widow and Track Lighting.
(A) Show Windows. For show-window lighting, a load of not less than 660 volt-amperes/lincar meter or 200 volt-amperes/
Table 220.45 Lighting Load Demand Factors
Type of Occupancy
Portion of Lighting Load to Which Demand Factor Applies (Volt-Amperes)
Demand Factor (%)
Dwelling units
First 3000 at
100
From 3001 to 120,000 at
35
Remainder over 120,000 at
25
Hotels and motels,
First 20,000 or less at
60
including apartment From 20,001 to 100,000 at
50
houses without
Remainder over 100,000 at
provision for
cooking by tenants*
35
Warehouses (storage)
First 12,500 or less at Remainder over 12,500 at
50
All others
Total volt-amperes
100
*The demand factors of this table shall not apply to the calculated load of feeders or services supplying areas in hotels and motels where the entire lighting is likely to be used at one time, as in ballrooms or dining rooms.
lincar foot shall be included for a show window, measured hori- zontally along its basc.
Informational Note: See 220.14(G) for branch circuits supplying show windows.
(B) Track Lighting. For track lighting in other than dwelling units or guest rooms or guest suites of hotels or motels, an additional load of 150 volt-amperes shall be included for every 600 mm (2 ft) of lighting track or fraction thereof. Where multicircuit track is installed, the load shall be considered to be divided equally between the track circuits.
Exception: If the track lighting is supplied through a device that limits the current to the track, the load shall be permitted to be calculated based on the rating of the device used to limit the current.
220.47 Receptacle Loads - Other Than Dwelling Units. Receptacle loads calculated in accordance with 220.14(H) and (I) shall be permitted to be made subject to the demand factors given in Table 220.45 or Table 220.47.
220.50 Motors and Air-Conditioning Equipment.
(A) Motors. The conductor sizing requirements specified in 430.24 and 430.25 and the feeder demand factor calculation method specified in 430.26 shall be used to determine motor loads.
(B) Air-Conditioning Equipment. The conductor sizing requirements specified in Part IV of Article 440 shall be used to determine air-conditioning loads for hermetic refrigerant motor-compressors.
Table 220.47 Demand Factors for Non-Dwelling Receptacle Loads
Portion of Receptacle Load to Which Demand Factor Applies (Volt-Amperes)
Demand Factor (%)
First 10 kVA or less at Remainder over 10 kVA at
100
50
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-95
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
100
220.51
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
220.51 Fixed Electric Space Heating. Fixed electric space- heating loads shall be calculated at 100 percent of the total connected load. However, in no case shall a feeder or service load current rating be less than the rating of the largest branch circuit supplicd.
Exception: If reduced loading of the conductors results from units oper- ating on duty-cycleor intermittently, or from all units not operating at the same time, the authority having jurisdiction shall be permitted to grant permission for feeder and service conductors to have an ampacity less than 100 percent if the conductors have an ampacity for the load so determined.
220.52 Small-Appliance and Laundry Loads - Dwelling Unit.
(A) Small-Appliance Circuit Load. In cach dwelling unit, the load shall be calculated at 1500 volt-amperes for cach 2-wire small-appliance branch circuit as covered by 210.11(C) (I). Where the load is subdivided through two or more feeders, the calculated load for cach shall include not less than 1500 volt- amperes for cach 2-wire small-appliance branch circuit. These loads shall be permitted to be included with the general light- ing load and subjected to the demand factors provided in Table 220.45.
Exception: The individual branch circuit permitted by 210.52(B)(1), Exception No. 2, shall be permitted to be excluded from the calculation required by 220.52.
(B) Laundry Circuit Load. A load of not less than 1500 volt- amperes shall be included for cach 2-wire laundry branch circuit installed as covered by 210.11 (C) (2). This load shall be permitted to be included with the general lighting load and shall be subjected to the demand factors provided in Table 220.45.
220.53 Appliance Load - Dwelling Unit(s). Applying a demand factor of 75 percent to the nameplate rating load of four or more appliances rated 1/4 hp or greater, or 500 watts or greater, that are fastened in place, and that are served by the same feeder or service in a one-family, two-family, or multifam- ily dwelling shall be permitted. This demand factor shall not apply to the following:
(1) Household electric cooking equipment that is fastened in place
(2) Clothes dryers
(3) Space heating equipment
(4) Air-conditioning equipment
(5) Electric vehicle supply equipment (EVSE)
220.54 Electric Clothes Dryers - Dwelling Unit(s). The load for household electric clothes dryers in a dwelling unit(s) shall be either 5000 watts (volt-amperes) or the nameplate rating, whichever is larger, for cach dryer served. The use of the demand factors in Table 220.54 shall be permitted. Where two or more single-phase dryers are supplied by a 3-phase, 4-wire feeder or service, the total load shall be calculated on the basis of twice the maximum number connected between any two phases. Kilovolt-amperes (kVA) shall be considered equivalent to kilowatts (kW) for loads calculated in this section.
220.55 Electric Cooking Appliances in Dwelling Units and Household Cooking Appliances Used in Instructional Programs. The load for household electric ranges, wall- mounted ovens, counter-mounted cooking units, and other household cooking appliances individually rated in excess of 13/4 kW shall be permitted to be calculated in accordance with
Table 220.54 Demand Factors for Household Electric Clothes Dryers
Number of Dryers
Demand Factor (%)
1-4
100
5
85
6
75
7
65
8
60
9
55
10
50
11
47
12-23
47% minus 1% for each dryer exceeding 11
24-42
35% minus 0.5% for each dryer exceeding 23
43 and over
25%
Table 220.55. Kilovolt-amperes (kVA) shall be considered equivalent to kilowatts (kW) for loads calculated under this section.
Where two or more single-phase ranges are supplied by a 3-phase, 4-wire feeder or service, the total load shall be calcula- ted on the basis of twice the maximum number connected between any two phases.
Informational Note No. 1: See Infonnative Annex D for exam- ples.
Informational Note No. 2: See Table 220.56 for demand factors for commercial cooking equipment.
220.56 Kitchen Equipment - Other Than Dwelling Unit(s). Calculating the load for commercial electric cooking equip- ment, dishwasher booster heaters, water heaters, and other kitchen equipment in accordance with Table 220.56 shall be permitted. Other kitchen equipment shall include equipment that is fastened in place and rated 1/4 hp or greater, or 500 watts or greater. These demand factors shall be applied to all cquip- ment that has cither thermostatic control or intermittent use as kitchen equipment. These demand factors shall not apply to space-heating, ventilating, or air-conditioning equipment.
However, in no case shall the feeder or service calculated load be less than the sum of the largest two kitchen equipment loads.
220.57 Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE) Load. The EVSE load shall be calculated at either 7200 watts (volt- amperes) or the nameplate rating of the equipment, whichever is larger.
220.60 Noncoincident Loads. If it is unlikely that two or more noncoincident loads will be in use simultaneously, using only the largest load(s) that will be used at one time for calculating the total load of a feeder or service shall be permitted. If a motor or air-conditioning load is part of the noncoincident load and is not the largest of the noncoincident loads, 125 percent of either the motor load or air-conditioning load, whichever is larger, shall be used in the calculation.
70-96
NATIONALELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
220.60
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
Table 220.55 Demand Factors and Loads for Household Electric Ranges, Wall-Mounted Ovens, Counter-Mounted Cooking Units, and Other Household Cooking Appliances over 13/4 kW Rating (Column C to be used in all cases except as otherwise permitted in Note 3.)
Demand Factor (%) (See Notes)
Number of Appliances
Column A (Less than 31/2 kW Rating)
Column B (31/2 kW through 834 kW Rating)
Column C Maximum Demand (kW) (See Notes) (Not over 12 kW Rating)
12345 I 3 4 5
80
80
8
75
65
11
70
55
14
66
50
17
62
45
20
6
59
43
21
7
56
40
22
8
53
36
23
9
51
35
24
10
49
34
25
11
47
32
26
12
45
32
27
13
43
32
28
14
41
32
29
15
40
32
30
16
39
28
31
17
38
28
32
18
37
28
33
19
36
28
34
20
35
28
35
21
34
26
36
22
33
26
37
23
32
26
38
24
31
26
39
25
30
26
40
26-30
30
24
15 kW + 1 k W for each range
31-40
30
22
41-50
30
20
25 k W + 3/4 k W for each range
51-60
30
18
61 and over
30
16
Notes:
1. Over 12 kW through 27 kW ranges all of same rating. For ranges individually rated more than 12 kW but not more than 27 kW, the maximum demand
in Column C shall be increased 5 percent for each additional kilowatt of rating or major fraction thereof by which the rating of individual ranges exceeds 12 kW.
2 Over 83/4 kW through 27 kW ranges of unequal ratings. For ranges individually rated more than 8/; kW and of different ratings, but none exceeding 27 kW, an average value ofrating shall be calculated by adding together the ratings of all ranges to obtain the total connected load (using 12 kW for any range rated less than 12 kW) and dividing by the total number of ranges. Then the maximum demand in Column C shall be increased 5 percent for each kilowatt or major fraction thereof by which this average value exceeds 12 kW.
3. Over 13/4 kW through 83/4 kW. In lieu of the method provided in Column C, adding the nameplate ratings of all household cooking appliances rated more than 11/4 kW but not more than 8/4 kW and multiplying the sum by the demand factors specified in Column A or Column B for the given number of appliances shall be permitted. Where the rating of cooking appliances falls under both Column A and Column B, the demand factors for each column shall be applied to the appliances for that column, and the results added together.
4. Calculating the branch-circuit load for one range in accordance with Table 220.55 shall be permitted.
5. The branch-circuit load for one wall-mounted oven or one counter-mounted cooking unit shall be the nameplate rating of the appliance.
6. The branch-circuit load for a counter-mounted cooking unit and not more than two wall-mounted ovens, all supplied from a single branch circuit and located in the same room, shall be calculated by adding the nameplate rating of the individual appliances and treating this total as equivalent to one range.
7. This table shall also apply to household cooking appliances rated over 13/4 kW and used in instructional program.s.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-97
220.61
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
Table 220.56 Demand Factors for Kitchen Equipment - Other Than Dwelling Unit(s)
Number of Units of Equipment
Demand Factor (%)
1
100
2
100
3
90
4
80
5
70
6 and over
65
220.61 Feeder or Service Neutral Load.
(A) Basic Calculation. The feeder or service neutral load shall be the maximum unhalance of the load determined by this arti- clc. The maximum unbalanced load shall be the maximum net calculated load between the neutral conductor and any one ungrounded conductor.
Exception: For 3-wire, 2-phase or 5-wire, 2-phase systems, the maximum unbalanced load shall be the maximum net calculated load between the neutral conductor and any one ungrounded conductor multiplied by 140 perrent.
(B) Permitted Reductions. A service or feeder supplying the following loads shall be permitted to have an additional demand factor of 70 percent applied to the amount in 220.61 (B) (1) and a portion of the amount in 220.61 (B) (2).
(1) Household Electric Ranges, Wall-Mounted Ovens, Counter- Mounted Cooking Units, and Dryers. A feeder or service supplying houschold electric ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter-mounted cooking units, and electric dryers, where the maximum unbalanced load has been determined in accord- ance with Table 220.55 for ranges and Table 220.54 for dryers.
(2) Unbalanced Load in Excess of 200 Amperes. That portion of the unhalanced load in excess of 200 amperes where the feeder or service is supplied from a 3-wire dc or single-phase ac system; a 4-wirc, 3-phase system; a 3-wirc, 2-phase system; or a 5- wirc, 2-phase system.
Informational Note: See Infonnative Annex D, Examples DI (a), DI (b), D2(b), D4(a), and D5(a) for examples of unbalanced feeder or service neutral loads.
(C) Prohibited Reductions. There shall be no reduction of the neutral or grounded conductor capacity applied to the amount in 220.61(C) (1), or portion of the amount in (C) (2), from that determined by the basic calculation:
(1) Any portion of a 3-wire circuit consisting of 2 ungroun- ded conductors and the neutral conductor of a 4-wire, 3- phase, wyc-connected system
(2) That portion consisting of nonlinear loads supplied from a 4-wirc, wyc-connected, 3-phase system
Informational Note: A 3-phase, 4-wire, wye-connected power system used to supply power to nonlinear loads might necessi- tate that the power system design allows for the possibility of high harmonic neutral conductor currents.
220.70 Energy Management Systems (EMSs). If an energy management system (EMS) is used to limit the current to a feeder or service in accordance with 750.30, a single valuc cqual to the maximum ampere setpoint of the EMS shall be
permitted to be used in load calculations for the feeder or serv- icc.
The setpoint value of the EMS shall be considered a continu- ous load for the purposes of load calculations.
Part IV. Optional Feeder and Service Load Calculations
220.80 General. Optional feeder and service load calculations shall be permitted in accordance with Part IV.
220.82 Dwelling Unit.
(A) Feeder and Service Load. This section applies to a dwell- ing unit having the total connected load served by a single 120/240-volt or 208Y/120-volt set of 3-wire service or feeder conductors with an ampacity of 100 or greater. It shall be permissible to calculate the feeder and service loads in accord- ance with this section instead of the method specified in Part III of this article. The calculated load shall be the result of adding the loads from 220.82(B) and (C). Feeder and service- entrance conductors whose calculated load is determined by this optional calculation shall be permitted to have the neutral load determined by 220.61.
(B) General Loads. The general calculated load shall be not less than 100 percent of the first 10 kVA plus 40 percent of the remainder of the following loads:
(1) 33 volt-amperes/m2 or 3 volt-amperes/ft2 for general lighting and general-use receptacles. The floor arca for cach floor shall be calculated from the outside dimen- sions of the dwelling unit. The calculated floor arca shall not include open porches, garages, or unused or unfin- ished spaces not adaptable for future usc.
(2) 1500 volt-amperes for cach 2-wirc, 20-ampere small- appliance branch circuit and cach laundry branch circuit covered in 210.11(C) (1) and (C) (2).
(3) The nameplate rating of the following:
a. All appliances that are fastened in place, permanently connected, or located to be on a specific circuit
b. Ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter-mounted cook- ing units
c. Clothes dryers that are not connected to the laundry branch circuit specified in 220.82(B) (2)
d. Water heaters
(4) The nameplate ampere or kVA rating of all permanently connected motors not included in 220.82(B) (3).
(C) Heating and Air-Conditioning Load. The largest of the following six selections (load in kVA) shall be included:
(1) 100 percent of the nameplate rating(s) of the air condi- tioning and cooling.
(2) 100 percent of the nameplate rating(s) of the heat pump when the heat pump is used without any supplemental electric heating.
(3) 100 percent of the nameplate rating(s) of the heat pump compressor and 65 percent of the supplemental electric heating for central electric space-heating systems. If the heat pump compressor is prevented from operating at the same time as the supplementary heat, it does not need to be added to the supplementary heat for the total central space heating load.
(4) 65 percent of the nameplate rating(s) of electric space heating if less than four separately controlled units.
70-98
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
220.85
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
(5) 40 percent of the nameplate rating(s) of electric space heating if four or more separately controlled units.
(6) 100 percent of the nameplate ratings of electric thermal storage and other heating systems where the usual load is expected to be continuous at the full nameplate valuc. Systems qualifying under this selection shall not be calcu- lated under any other selection in 220.82(C).
220.83 Existing Dwelling Unit. This section shall be permitted to be used to determine if the existing service or feeder is of sufficient capacity to serve additional loads. Where the dwelling unit is served by a 120/240-volt or 208Y/120-volt, 3-wire service or feeder, calculating the total load in accordance with 220.83(A) or (B) shall be permitted.
(A) Where Additional Air-Conditioning Equipment or Electric Space-Heating Equipment Is Not to Be Installed. The percen- tages listed in Table 220.83(A) shall be used for existing and additional new loads.
Load calculations shall include the following:
(1) General lighting and general-use receptacles at 33 volt- amperes/m2 or 3 volt-amperes/ft2 as determined by 220.42
(2) 1500 volt-amperes for cach 2-wirc, 20-ampere small- appliance branch circuit and cach laundry branch circuit covered in 210.11(C) (1) and (C) (2)
(3) The nameplate rating of the following:
a. All appliances that are fastened in place, permanently connected, or located to be on a specific circuit
b. Ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter-mounted cook- ing units
c. Clothes dryers that are not connected to the laundry branch circuit specified in item (2)
d. Water heaters
(B) Where Additional Air-Conditioning Equipment or Electric Space-Heating Equipment Is to Be Installed. The percentages listed in Table 220.83(B) shall be used for existing and addi- tional new loads. The larger connected load of air conditioning or space heating, but not both, shall be used.
Other loads shall include the following: .
(1) General lighting and general-use receptacles at 33 volt- amperes/m2 or 3 volt-amperes/ft2 as determined by 220.42
(2) 1500 volt-amperes for cach 2-wirc, 20-ampere small- appliance branch circuit and cach laundry branch circuit covered in 210.11(C) (1) and (C) (2)
(3) The nameplate rating of the following:
a. All appliances that are fastened in place, permanently connected, or located to be on a specific circuit
b. Ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter-mounted cook- ing units
c. Clothes dryers that are not connected to the laundry branch circuit specified in item (2)
d. Water heaters
Table 220.83(A) Without Additional Air-Conditioning or Electric Space-Heating Equipment
Load (kVA)
Percent of Load
First 8 kVA ofload at
100
Remainder of load at
40
220.84 Multifamily Dwelling.
(A) Feeder or Service Load. It shall be permissible to calculate the load of a feeder or service that supplies three or more dwelling units of a multifamily dwelling in accordance with Table 220.84(B) instead of Part III of this article if all the following conditions are met:
(1) No dwelling unit is supplied by more than one feeder.
(2) Each dwelling unit is equipped with electric cooking cquipment.
Exception: When the calculated load for multifamily dwellings without electric cooking in Part III of this article exreeds that calculated under Part IV for the identical load plus electric cooking (based on 8 kW per unit), the lesser of the two loads shall be permitted to be used.
(3) Each dwelling unit is equipped with cither electric space heating or air conditioning, or both. Feeders and service conductors whose calculated load is determined by this optional calculation shall be permitted to have the neutral load determined by 220.61.
(B) House Loads. House loads shall be calculated in accord- ance with Part III of this article and shall be in addition to the dwelling unit loads calculated in accordance with Table 220.84(B).
(C) Calculated Loads. The calculated load to which the demand factors of Table 220.84(B) apply shall include the following:
(1) 33 volt-amperes/m2 or 3 volt-amperes/ft2 for general lighting and general-use receptacles
(2) 1500 volt-amperes for cach 2-wirc, 20-ampere small- appliance branch circuit and cach laundry branch circuit covered in 210.11(C) (1) and (C) (2)
(3) The nameplate rating of the following:
a. All appliances that are fastened in place, permanently connected, or located to be on a specific circuit
b. Ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter-mounted cook- ing units
c. Clothes dryers that are not connected to the laundry branch circuit specified in item (2)
d. Water heaters
(4) The nameplate ampere or kVA rating of all permanently connected motors not included in item (3)
(5) The larger of the air-conditioning load or the fixed elec- tric space-heating load
220.85 Two Dwelling Units. Where two dwelling units arc supplied by a single feeder or service and the calculated load under Part III of this article exceeds that for three identical units calculated under 220.84, the lesser of the two loads shall be permitted to be used.
Table 220.83(B) With Additional Air-Conditioning or Electric Space-Heating Equipment
Load
Percent of Load
Air-conditioning equipment
100
Central electric space heating
100
Less than four separately
100
controlled space-heating units
First 8 kVA ofall other loads
100
Remainder of all other loads
40
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-99
220.86
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
Table 220.84(B) Optional Calculations - Demand Factors for Three or More Multifamily Dwelling Units
Number of Dwelling Units
Dernand Factor (%)
3-5
45
6-7
44
8-10
43
11
42
12-13
41
14-15
40
16-17
39
18-20
38
21
37
22-23
36
24-25
35
26-27
34
28-30
33
31
32
32-33
31
34-36
30
37-38
29
39-42
28
43-45
27
46-50
26
51-55
25
56-61
24
62 and over
23
220.86 Schools. The calculation of a feeder or service load for schools shall be permitted in accordance with Table 220.86 in licu of Part III of this article where equipped with electric space heating, air conditioning, or both. The connected load to which the demand factors of Table 220.86 apply shall include all of the interior and exterior lighting, power, water heating, cooking, other loads, and the larger of the air-conditioning load or space-heating load within the building or structure.
Feeders and service conductors whose calculated load is determined by this optional calculation shall be permitted to have the neutral load determined by 220.61. Where the build- ing or structure load is calculated by this optional method, feeders within the building or structure shall have ampacity as permitted in Part III of this article; however, the ampacity of an individual feeder shall not be required to be larger than the ampacity for the entire building.
This section shall not apply to portable classroom buildings.
Table 220.86 Optional Method - Demand Factors for Feeders and Service Conductors for Schools
Connected Load
Total VA/m2
Total VA/ft2
Demand Factor (%)
Calculated Loads (VA)
0-33
0-3 Over 3-20
100
Amount x 100%
Over 33-220
75
(Amount x
75%)+3
Remainder over 220
Remainder
25
(Amount x
over 20
25%) + 15.75
220.87 Determining Existing Loads. The calculation of a feeder or service load for existing installations shall be permit- ted to use actual maximum demand to determine the existing load under all of the following conditions:
(1) The maximum demand data is available for a 1-ycar period.
Exception: If the maximum demand data for a 1-year period is not available, the calculated load shall be permitted to be based on the maximum demand (the highest average kilowatts reached and main- tained for a 15-minute interval) continuously recorded over a mini- mum 30-day period using a recording ammeter or power meter connected to the highest loaded phase of the feeder or service, based on the initial loading at the start of the recording. The recording shall reflect the maximum demand of the feeder or service by being taken when the building or space is occupied and shall include by measure- ment or calculation the larger of the heating or cooling equipment load, and other loads that might be periodic in nature due to seasonal or similar conditions. This exception shall not be permitted if the feeder or service has a renewable energy system (i.e., solar photovoltaic or wind electric) or employs any form of peak load shaving.
(2) The maximum demand at 125 percent plus the new load does not exceed the ampacity of the feeder or rating of the service. .
(3) The feeder has overcurrent protection in accordance with 240.4, and the service has overload protection in accordance with 230.90.
220.88 New Restaurants. Calculation of a service or feeder load, where the feeder serves the total load, for a new restau- rant shall be permitted in accordance with Table 220.88 in licu of Part III of this article.
The overload protection of the service conductors shall be in accordance with 230.90 and 240.4.
Feeder conductors shall not be required to be of greater ampacity than the service conductors.
Service or feeder conductors whose calculated load is deter- mined by this optional calculation shall be permitted to have the neutral load determined by 220.61.
Part V. Farm Load Calculations
220.100 General. Farm loads shall be calculated in accordance with Part V.
220.102 Farm Loads - Buildings and Other Loads.
(A) Dwelling Unit. The feeder or service load of a farm dwell- ing unit shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions for dwellings in Part III or IV of this article. Where the dwelling has electric heat and the farm has electric grain-drying systems, Part IV of this article shall not be used to calculate the dwelling load where the dwelling and farm loads are supplied by a common service.
(B) Other Than Dwelling Unit. Where a feeder or service supplies a farm building or other load having two or more separate branch circuits, the load for feeders, service conduc- tors, and service equipment shall be calculated in accordance with demand factors not less than indicated in Table 220.102(B).
70-100
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
220.120
ARTICLE 220 - BRANCH-CIRCUIT, FEEDER, AND SERVICE LOAD CALCULATIONS
Table 220.88 Optional Method - Permitted Load Calculations for Service and Feeder Conductors for New Restaurants
Total Connected Load (kVA)
All Electric Restaurant
Not All Electric Restaurant
Calculated Loads (kVA)
Calculated Loads (kVA)
0-200
80%
100%
201-325
10% (amount over 200) + 160.0
50% (amount over 200) + 200.0
326-800
50% (amount over 325) + 172.5
45% (amount over 325) + 262.5
Over 800
50% (amount over 800) + 410.0
20% (amount over 800) + 476.3
Note: Add all electrical loads, including both heating and cooling loads, to calculate the total connected load. Select the one demand factor that applies from the table, then multiply the total connected load by this single demand factor.
220.103 Farm Loads - Total. Where supplied by a common service, the total load of the farm for service conductors and service equipment shall be calculated in accordance with the farm dwelling unit load and demand factors specified in Table 220.103. Where there is equipment in two or more farm equip- ment buildings or for loads having the same function, such loads shall be calculated in accordance with Table 220.102(B) and shall be permitted to be combined as a single load in Table 220.103 for calculating the total load.
Part VI. Health Care Facilities
220.110 Receptacle Loads. Receptacle loads calculated in accordance with 220.14(H) and (I) and supplied by branch circuits not exceeding 150 volts to ground shall be permitted to be subjected to the demand factors provided in Table 220.110(1) and Table 220.110(2) for health care facilities.
Informational Note No. 1: See Article 100 for the definitions of patient care space categories.
Informational Note No. 2: See 220.14(I) for the calculation of receptacle outlet loads.
Part VII. Marinas, Boatyards, Floating Buildings, and Commercial and Noncommercial Docking Facilities
220.120 Receptacle Loads. General lighting and other loads in marinas, boatyards, floating buildings, and commercial and noncommercial docking facilities shall be calculated in accord- ance with Part III of this article and, in addition, the demand factors set forth in Table 220.120 shall be permitted for cach service or feeder circuit supplying receptacles that provide shore power for boats. These calculations shall be permitted to be modified as indicated in Notes (1) and (2) of Table 220.120. Where demand factors of Table 220.120 arc applied, the demand factor specified in 220.61 (B) shall not be permitted.
Informational Note: These demand factors could be inadequate in areas of extreme hot or cold temperatures with loaded circuits for heating, air-conditioning, or refrigerating equip- ment.
Table 220.102(B) Method for Calculating Farm Loads for Other Than Dwelling Unit
Ampere Load at 240 Volts Maximum
Demand Factor (%)
The greater of the following:
All loads that are expected to operate simultaneously, or
100
125 percent of the full load current of the largest motor, or First 60 amperes of the load
Next 60 amperes of all other loads 50
Remainder of other loads
25
Table 220.103 Method for Calculating Total Farm Load
Individual Loads Calculated in Accordance with Table 220.102
Demand Factor (%)
Largest load
100
Second largest load
75
Third largest load
65
Remaining loads
50
Note: To this total load, add the load of the farm dwelling unit calculated in accordance with Part III or IV of this article. Where the dwelling has electric heat and the farm has electric grain-drying systems, Part IV of this article shall not be used to calculate the dwelling load.
Table 220.110(1) Demand Factors for Receptacles Supplied by General-Purpose Branch Circuits in Category 1 and Category 2 Patient Care Spaces
Portion of Receptacle Load to Which Demand Factor Applies (Volt-Amperes)
Demand Factor (%)
First 5000 or less
100
From 5001 to 10,000
50
Remainder over 10,000
25
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-101
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
225.1
ARTICLE 225 - OUTSIDE BRANCH CIRCUITS AND FEEDERS
Table 220.110(2) Demand Factors for Receptacles Supplied by General-Purpose Branch Circuits in Category 3 and Category 4 Patient Care Spaces
Portion of Receptacle Load to Which Demand Factor Applies (Volt-Amperes)
Demand Factor (%)
First 10,000 or less
100
Remainder over 10,000
50
Table 220.120 Demand Factors for Shore Power Receptacle Loads
Number of Shore Power Receptacles
Sum of the Rating of the Receptacles (%)
1-4
100
58
90
9-14
80
15-30
70
31-40
60
41-50
50
51-70
40
71
30
Notes:
1. Where shore power accommodations provide two receptacles specifically for an individual boat slip and these receptacles have different voltages (e.g., one 30-ampere, 125-volt and one 50-ampere, 125/250-volt), only the receptacle with the larger kilowatt demand shall be required to be calculated.
2. For each shore powered pedestal being installed that includes an individual kilowatt-hour suhmeters for each slip and is being calculated using the criteria listed in Table 220.120, the total demand amperes shall be permitted to he multiplied hy 0.9 to achieve the final demand amperes of the facility.
3. If a circuit feeding a boat hoist and shore power for the same boat slip is shared, only the load with the larger kilowatt demand. shall be required to be counted in the load calculation.
ARTICLE 225 Outside Branch Circuits and Feeders
Part I. General
225.1 Scope. This article covers requirements for outside branch circuits and feeders not over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc, nominal, run on or between buildings, structures, or poles on the premises; and electrical equipment and wiring for the supply of utilization equipment that is located on or attached to the outside of buildings, structures, or poles.
Informational Note: See Part IV of Article 235 for outside branch circuits and feeders over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc.
225.3 Other Articles. Application of other articles, including additional requirements to specific cases of equipment and conductors, is shown in Table 225.3.
225.4 Conductor Insulation. Where within 3.0 m (10 ft) of any building or structure other than supporting poles or towers, open individual (acrial) overhead conductors shall be insulated for the nominal voltage. The insulation of conductors in cables
70-102
Table 225.3 Other Articles
Equipment/Conductors
Article
Branch circuits
210
Class I power-limited circuits and Class 1 power- limited remote-control and signaling circuits
724
Class 2 and Class 3 remote-control, signaling, and power-limited circuits
725
Conductors for general wiring 310
Electrically driven or controlled irrigation machines
675
Electric signs and outline lighting Feeders
215
Fire alarm systems
760
Fixed outdoor electric deicing and snow- melting equipment
426
Grounding and bonding
250
Hazardous (classified) locations
500
Hazardous (classified) locations - specific
510
Marinas and boatyards
555
Medium-voltage conductors and cable
311
Messenger-supported wiring
396
Mobile homes, manufactured homes, and mobile home parks
550
Open wiring on insulators
398
Over 1000 volts, general
495
Overcurrent protection 240
245
Services
230
Services, feeders, and branch circuits over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc
235
Solar photovoltaic systems
690
Swimming pools, fountains, and similar . installations
680
L'se and identification of grounded conductors
200
or raceways, except Type MI cable, shall be of thermoset or thermoplastic type and, in wet locations, shall comply with 310.10(C). The insulation of conductors for festoon lighting shall be of the thermoset or thermoplastic type.
Exception: Equipment grounding conductors and grounded circuit conductors shall be permitted to be bare or covered as specifically permit- ted elsewhere in this Code.
225.6 Conductor Size and Support.
(A) Overhead Spans. Open individual conductors shall not be smaller than 10 AWG copper or 8 AWG aluminum for spans up to 15 m (50 ft) in length, and 8 AWG copper or 6 AWG alumi- num for a longer span unless supported by a messenger wirc.
(B) Festoon Lighting. Overhead conductors for festoon light- ing shall not be smaller than 12 AWG unless the conductors are supported by messenger wires. In all spans exceeding 12 m (40 ft), the conductors shall be supported by messenger wirc. The messenger wire shall be supported by strain insulators. Conductors or messenger wires shall not be attached to any fire escape, downspout, or plumbing equipment.
225.10 Wiring on Buildings (or Other Structures). The instal- lation of outside wiring on surfaces of buildings (or other struc- turcs) shall be permitted for circuits not exceeding 1000 volts, nominal, as the following:
(1) Auxiliary gutters
(2) Busways
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Overcurrent protection for systems rated over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc
600
225.19
ARTICLE 225 - OUTSIDE BRANCH CIRCUITS AND FEEDERS
(3) Cable trays
(4) Cablebus
(5) Electrical metallic tubing (EMT)
(6) Flexible metal conduit (FMC)
(7) Intermediate metal conduit (IMC)
(8) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC)
(9) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC)
(10) Messenger-supported wiring
(11) Open wiring on insulators
(12) Reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC)
(13) Rigid metal conduit (R.MC)
(14) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC)
(15) Type MC cable
(16) Type MI cable
(17) Type SE cable
(18) Typc TC-ER cable
(19) Type UF cable
(20) Wircways
225.11 Feeder and Branch-Circuit Conductors Entering, Exit- ing, or Attached to Buildings or Structures. Feeder and branch-circuit conductors entering or exiting buildings or structures shall be installed in accordance with 230.52. Over- head branch circuits and feeders attached to buildings or struc- tures shall be installed in accordance with 230.54.
225.12 Open-Conductor Supports. Open conductors shall be supported on knobs, racks, brackets, or strain insulators, that are made of glass, porcelain, or other approved materials.
225.14 Open-Conductor Spacings. Conductors shall comply with the spacings provided in Table 230.51 (C).
(A) Separation from Other Circuits. Open conductors shall be separated from open conductors of other circuits or systems by not less than 100 mm (4 in.).
(B) Conductors on Poles. Conductors on poles shall have a separation of not less than 300 mm (1 ft) where not placed on racks or brackets. Conductors supported on poles shall provide a horizontal climbing space not less than the following:
(1) Power conductors below communications conductors - 750 mm (30 in.)
(2) Power conductors alone or above communications conductors:
a. 300 volts or less - 600 mm (24 in.) b. Over 300 volts - 750 mm (30 in.)
(3) Communications conductors below power conductors - same as power conductors
(4) Communications conductors alone - no requirement
225.15 Supports over Buildings. Outside branch-circuit and feeder conductors passing over a building shall be securely supported.
225.16 Attachment to Buildings.
(A) Point of Attachment. The point of attachment to a build- ing shall be in accordance with 230.26.
(B) Means of Attachment. The means of attachment to a building shall be in accordance with 230.27.
225.17 Masts as Supports. Only feeder or branch-circuit conductors specified within this section shall be permitted to be attached to the feeder and/or branch-circuit mast. Masts used for the support of final spans of feeders or branch circuits shall be installed in accordance with 225.17(A) and (B).
(A) Strength. The mast shall have adequate strength or be supported by braces or guy wires to safely withstand the strain imposed by the overhead feeder or branch-circuit conductors. Hubs intended for use with a conduit serving as a mast for support of feeder or branch-circuit conductors shall be identi- ficd for use with a mast.
(B) Attachment. Feeder and/or branch-circuit conductors shall not be attached to a mast where the connection is between a weatherhead or the end of the conduit and a coupling where the coupling is located above the last point of securement to the building or other structure, or where the coupling is located above the building or other structure.
225.18 Clearance for Overhead Conductors and Cables. Over- head spans of open conductors and open multiconductor cables of not over 1000 volts, nominal, shall have a clearance of not less than the following:
(1) 3.0 m (10 ft) - above finished grade, sidewalks, or from any platform or projection that will permit personal contact where the voltage does not exceed 150 volts to ground and accessible to pedestrians only
(2) 3.7 m (12 ft) - over residential property and driveways, and those commercial arcas not subject to truck traffic where the voltage does not exceed 300 volts to ground
(3) 4.5 m (15 ft) - for those arcas listed in the 3.7 m (12 ft) classification where the voltage exceeds 300 volts to ground
(4): 5.5 m (18 ft) - over public streets, alleys, roads, parking arcas subject to truck traffic, driveways on other than resi- dential property, and other land traversed by vehicles, such as cultivated, grazing, forest, and orchard
(5) 7.5 m (241/2 ft) - over track rails of railroads
225.19 Clearances from Buildings for Conductors of Not over 1000 Volts, Nominal. Overhead spans of open conductors and open multiconductor cables shall comply with 225.19(A), (B), (C), and (D).
(A) Above Roofs. Overhead spans of open conductors and open multiconductor cables shall have a vertical clearance of not less than 2.6 m (8 ft 6 in.) above the roof surface. The verti- cal clearance above the roof level shall be maintained for a distance not less than 900 mm (3 ft) in all directions from the edge of the roof.
Exception No. 1: The area above a mof surfare subject to pedestrian or vehicular traffic shall have a vertical clearance from the mof sur face in accordance with the clearance requirements of 225.18.
Exception No. 2: Where the voltage between conductors does not exceed 300, and the mof has a slope of 100 mm in 300 mm (4 in. in 12 in.) or greater, a reduction in clearance to 900 mm (3 ft) shall be permitted.
Exception No. 3: Where the voltage between conductors does not exceed 300, a reduction in clearance above only the overhanging portion of the roof to not less than 450 mm (18 in.) shall be permitted if (1) not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) of the conductors, 1.2 m (4 ft) horizontally, pass above the roof overhang, and (2) they are terminated at a through-the- roof raceway or approved support.
Exception No. 4: The requirement for maintaining the vertical clear- ance 900 mm (3 ft) from the edge of the roof shall not apply to the final conductor span where the conductors are attached to the side of a build- ing.
(B) From Nonbuilding or Nonbridge Structures. From signs, chimneys, radio and television antennas, tanks, and other
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-103
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
225.19
ARTICLE 225 -OUTSIDE BRANCH CIRCUITS AND FEEDERS
nonbuilding or nonbridge structures, clearances - vertical, diagonal, and horizontal - shall not be less than 900 mm (3 ft).
(C) Horizontal Clearances. Clearances shall not be less than 900 mm (3 ft).
(D) Final Spans. Final spans of feeders or branch circuits shall comply with 225.19(D) (1), (D)(2), and (D) (3).
(1) Clearance from Windows. Final spans to the building they supply, or from which they are fed, shall be permitted to be attached to the building, but they shall be kept not less than 900 mm (3 ft) from windows that are designed to be opened, and from doors, porches, balconies, ladders, stairs, fire escapes, or similar locations.
Exception: Conductors run above the top level of a window shall be permitted to be less than the 900 mm (3 ft) requirement.
(2) Vertical Clearance. The vertical clearance of final spans above or within 900 mm (3 ft) measured horizontally of plat- forms, projections, or surfaces that will permit personal contact shall be maintained in accordance with 225.18.
(3) Building Openings. The overhead branch-circuit and feeder conductors shall not be installed beneath openings through which materials may be moved, such as openings in farm and commercial buildings, and shall not be installed where they obstruct entrance to these openings.
(E) Zone for Fire Ladders. Where buildings exceed three stories or 15 m (50 ft) in height, overhead lines shall be arranged, where practicable, so that a clear space (or zone) at Icast 1.8 m (6 ft) wide will be left either adjacent to the build- ings or beginning not over 2.5 m (8 ft) from them to facilitate the raising of ladders when necessary for fire fighting.
225.20 Protection Against Physical Damage. Conductors installed on buildings, structures, or poles shall be protected against physical damage as provided for services in 230.50.
225.21 Multiconductor Cables on Exterior Surfaces of Build- ings (or Other Structures). Supports for multiconductor cables on exterior surfaces of buildings (or other structures) shall be as provided in 230.51.
225.22 Raceways on Exterior Surfaces of Buildings or Other Structures. Raccways on exteriors of buildings or other struc- tures shall be arranged to drain and shall be listed or approved for use in wet locations.
225.24 Outdoor Lampholders. Where outdoor lampholders arc attached as pendants, the connections to the circuit wires shall be staggered. Where such lampholders have terminals of a type that puncture the insulation and make contact with the conductors, they shall be attached only to conductors of the stranded typc.
225.25 Location of Outdoor Lamps. Locations of lamps for outdoor lighting shall be below all energized conductors, trans- formers, or other electric utilization equipment, unless cither of the following apply:
(1) Clearances or other safeguards are provided for relamp- ing operations.
(2) Equipment is controlled by a disconnecting means that is lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
225.26 Vegetation as Support. Vegetation such as trees shall not be used for support of overhead conductor spans.
225.27 Raceway Seal. Where a raceway enters a building or structure from outside, it shall be scaled in accordance with 300.5(G) and 300.7(A). Sparc or unused raceways shall also be scaled. Scalants shall be identified for use with cable insulation, conductor insulation, bare conductor, shield, or other compo- nents.
Part II. Buildings or Other Structures Supplied by a Feeder(s) or Branch Circuit(s)
225.30 Number of Supplies. A building or other structure that is served by a branch circuit or feeder on the load side of a service disconnecting means shall be supplied by only one feeder or branch circuit unless permitted in 225.30(A) through (F). For the purpose of this section, a multiwire branch circuit shall be considered a single circuit.
Where a branch circuit or fecder originates in these addi- tional buildings or other structures, only one feeder or branch circuit shall be permitted to supply power back to the original building or structure, unless permitted in 225.30(A) through (F).
(A) Special Conditions. Additional feeders or branch circuits shall be permitted to supply the following:
(1) Fire pumps
(2) Emergency systems
(3) Legally required standby systems
(4). Optional standby systems
(5) Parallel power production systems
(6) Systems designed for connection to multiple sources of supply for the purpose of enhanced reliability
(7) Electric vehicle power transfer systems listed, labeled, and identified for more than a single branch circuit or feeder
(8) Docking facilities and piers
(B) Common Supply Equipment. Where feeder conductors originate in the same panelboard, switchboard, or other distri- bution equipment, and cach feeder terminates in a single disconnecting means, not more than six feeders shall be permitted. Where more than one feeder is installed in accord- ance with this section, all feeder disconnects supplying the building or structure shall be grouped in the same location, and the requirements of 225.33 shall not apply. Each discon- nect shall be marked to indicate the load served.
(C) Special Occupancies. By special permission, additional feeders or branch circuits shall be permitted for cither of the following:
(1) Multiple-occupancy buildings where there is no space available for supply equipment accessible to all occupants
(2) A single building or other structure sufficiently large to make two or more supplies necessary
(D) Capacity Requirements. Additional feeders or branch circuits shall be permitted where the capacity requirements are in excess of 2000 amperes at a supply voltage of 1000 volts or Icss.
(E) Different Characteristics. Additional feeders or branch circuits shall be permitted for different voltages, frequencies, or phases, or for different uses such as control of outside light- ing from multiple locations.
70-104
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
225.38
ARTICLE 225 - OUTSIDE BRANCH CIRCUITS AND FEEDERS
(F) Documented Switching Procedures. Additional feeders or branch circuits shall be permitted to supply installations under single management where documented safe switching proce- dures are established and maintained.
225.31 Disconnecting Means.
(A) General. Mcans shall be provided for disconnecting all ungrounded conductors that supply or pass through the build- ing or structurc.
(B) Location. The disconnecting means shall be installed cither inside or outside of the building or structure served or where the conductors pass through the building or structure. The disconnecting means shall be at a readily accessible loca- tion nearest the point of entrance of the conductors. For the purposes of this section, the requirements in 230.6 shall apply.
Exception No. 1: For installations under single management, where documented safe switching procedures are established and maintained, and where the installation is monitored by qualified individuals, the disconnecting means shall be permitted to be located elsewhere on the premises.
Exception No. 2: For buildings or other structures qualifying under 685.1, the disconnecting means shall be permitted to be located else- where on the premises.
Exception No. 3: For towers or poles used as lighting standards, the disconnecting means shall be permitted to be located elsewhere on the premises.
Exception No. 4: For poles or similar structures used only for support of signs installed in accordance with 600.1, the disconnecting means shall be permitted to be located elsewhere on the premises.
225.33 Maximum Number of Disconnects.
(A) General. The disconnecting means for cach supply permitted by 225.30 shall consist of not more than six switches or six circuit breakers mounted in a single enclosure, in a group of separate enclosures, or in or on a switchboard or switchgear. There shall be no more than six disconnects per supply grouped in any one location.
Exception: For the purposes of this section, disconnecting means used solely for the control circuit of the ground-fault protection system, or the control circuit of the power-operated supply disconnecting means, installed as part of the listed equipment, shall not be considered a supply disconnecting means.
(B) Single-Pole Units. Two or three single-pole switches or breakers capable of individual operation shall be permitted on multiwire circuits, one pole for cach ungrounded conductor, as one multipole disconnect, provided they are equipped with identified handle ties or a master handle to disconnect all ungrounded conductors with no more than six operations of the hand.
225.34 Grouping of Disconnects.
(A) General. The two to six disconnects as permitted in 225.33 shall be grouped. Each disconnect shall be marked to indicate the load served.
Exception: One of the two to six disconnecting means permitted in 225.33, where used only for a water pump also intended to provide fire protection, shall be permitted to be located remote from the other discon- necting means.
(B) Additional Disconnecting Means. The one or more addi- tional disconnecting means for fire pumps or for emergency, legally required standby or optional standby system permitted by 225.30 shall be installed sufficiently remote from the one to six disconnecting means for normal supply to minimize the possibility of simultancous interruption of supply.
225.35 Access to Occupants. In a multiple-occupancy build- ing, cach occupant shall have access to the occupant's supply disconnecting means.
Exception: In a multiple-occupancy building where electric supply and electrical maintenance are provided by the building management and where these are under continuous building management supervision, the supply disconnecting means supplying more than one occupancy shall be permitted to be accessible to authorized management personnel only.
225.36 Type of Disconnecting Means. The disconnecting means specified in 225.31 shall be a circuit breaker, molded case switch, general-use switch, snap switch, or other approved means. Where applied in accordance with 250.32(B) (1), Exception No. 1, the disconnecting means shall be suitable for use as service equipment.
225.37 Identification. Where a building or structure has any combination of feeders, branch circuits, or services passing through it or supplying it, a permanent plaque or directory shall be installed at cach feeder and branch-circuit disconnect location denoting all other services, feeders, or branch circuits supplying that building or structure or passing through that building or structure and the arca served by cach.
Exception No. 1: A plaque or directory shall not be required for large- capacity multibuilding industrial installations under single manage- ment, where it is ensured that disconnection can be accomplished by establishing and maintaining safe switching procedures.
Exception No. 2: This identification shall not be required for branch circuits installed from a dwelling unit to a second building or structure.
225.38 Disconnect Construction. Disconnecting means shall meet the requirements of 225.38(A) through (D).
(A) Manually or Power Operable. The disconnecting means shall consist of cither (1) a manually operable switch or a circuit breaker equipped with a handle or other suitable oper- ating means or (2) a power-operable switch or circuit breaker, provided the switch or circuit breaker can be opened by hand in the event of a power failure.
(B) Simultaneous Opening of Poles. Each building or struc- ture disconnecting means shall simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded supply conductors that it controls from the build- ing or structure wiring system.
(C) Disconnection of Grounded Conductor. Where the build- ing or structure disconnecting means does not disconnect the grounded conductor from the grounded conductors in the building or structure wiring, other means shall be provided for this purpose at the location of the disconnecting means. A terminal or bus to which all grounded conductors can be attached by means of pressure connectors shall be permitted for this purpose.
In a multisection switchboard or switchgear, disconnects for the grounded conductor shall be permitted to be in any section of the switchboard or switchgear, if the switchboard section or
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-105
225.38
ARTICLE 230 -SERVICES
switchgear section is marked to indicate a grounded conductor disconnect is contained within the equipment.
(D) Indicating. The building or structure disconnecting means shall plainly indicate whether it is in the open or closed position.
225.39 Rating of Disconnect. The feeder or branch-circuit disconnecting means shall have a rating of not less than the calculated load to be supplied, determined in accordance with Parts I and II of Article 220 for branch circuits, Part III or IV of Article 220 for feeders, or Part V of Article 220 for farm loads. Where the branch circuit or feeder disconnecting means consists of more than one switch or circuit breaker, as permit- ted by 225.33, combining the ratings of all the switches or circuit breakers for determining the rating of the disconnect- ing means shall be permitted. In no case shall the rating be lower than specified in 225.39(A), (B), (C), or (D).
(A) One-Circuit Installation. For installations to supply only limited loads of a single branch circuit, the branch circuit disconnecting means shall have a rating of not less than 15 amperes.
(B) Two-Circuit Installations. For installations consisting of not more than two 2-wire branch circuits, the feeder or branch- circuit disconnecting means shall have a rating of not less than 30 amperes.
(C) One-Family Dwelling. For a onc-family dwelling, the feeder disconnecting means shall have a rating of not less than 100 amperes, 3-wirc.
(D) All Others. For all other installations, the feeder or branch-circuit disconnecting means shall have a rating of not less than 60 amperes.
225.40 Access to Overcurrent Protective Devices. Where a feeder overcurrent device is not readily accessible, branch- circuit overcurrent devices shall be installed on the load side, shall be mounted in a readily accessible location, and shall be of a lower ampere rating than the feeder overcurrent device.
225.41 Emergency Disconnects. For one-and two-family dwell- ing units, an emergency disconnecting means shall be installed.
(A) General.
(1) Location. The disconnecting means shall be installed in a readily accessible outdoor location on or within sight of the dwelling unit.
(2) Rating. The disconnecting means shall have a short-circuit current rating cqual to or greater than the available fault current.
(3) Grouping. If more than one disconnecting means is provi- ded, they shall be grouped.
(B) Identification of Other Isolation Disconnects. Where equipment for isolation of other energy source systems is not located adjacent to the emergency disconnect required by this section, a plaque or directory identifying the location of all equipment for isolation of other energy sources shall be loca- ted adjacent to the disconnecting means required by this section.
Informational Note: See 445.18, 480.7, 705.20, and 706.15 for examples of other energy source system isolation means.
(C) Marking. The disconnecting means shall be marked as EMERGENCY DISCONNECT.
Markings shall comply with 110.21(B) and all of the follow- ing:
(1) The marking or labels shall be located on the outside front of the disconnect enclosure with red background and white text.
(2) The letters shall be least 13 mm (1/2 in.) high.
225.42 Surge Protection.
(A) Surge-Protective Device. Where a feeder supplies any of the following, a surge-protective device (SPD) shall be instal- led:
(1) Dwelling units
(2) Dormitory units
(3) Guest rooms and guest suites of hotels and motels
(4) Arcas of nursing homes and limited-care facilities used exclusively as patient sleeping rooms
(B) Location. The SPD shall be installed in or adjacent to the distribution equipment that is connected to the load side of the feeder and contains branch circuit overcurrent protective device(s) that supply the location specified in 225.42(A).
Informational Note: Surge protection is most effective when closest to the branch circuit. Surges can be generated from multiple sources including, but not limited to, lightning, the electric utility, or utilization equipment.
(C) Type. The SPD shall be a Type 1 or Type 2 SPD.
(D) Replacement. Where the distribution equipment supplied by the feeder is replaced, all of the requirements of this section shall apply.
(E) Ratings. SPDs shall have a nominal discharge current rating (In) of not less than 10kA.
Informational Note: Lead lengths of conductors to the SPD should be kept as short as possible to reduce let-through voltages.
ARTICLE 230 Services
Part I. General
230.1 Scope. This article covers service conductors and equip- ment for control and protection of services not over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc, nominal and their installation require- ments.
Informational Note No. 1: See Informational Note Figure 230.1.
Informational Note No. 2: See Part V of Article 235 for services over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts de, nominal.
230.2 Number of Services. A building or other structure served shall be supplied by only one service unless permitted in 230.2(A) through (D). For the purpose of 230.40, Exception No. 2 only, underground sets of conductors, 1/0 AWG and larger, running to the same location and connected together at
70-106
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 230 -SERVICES
230.9
General Overhead Service Conductors Underground Service Conductors
Part I Part II
Part III Part IV
Service-Entrance Conductors Service Equipment-General
PartV
Service Equipment-Disconnecting Means Service Equipment-Overcurrent Protection
Part VI
Part VII
Serving Utility
Overhead Last pole
Underground Street main
Part II
Overhead service conductors
Part III
230.24
Clearances
Underground service conductors Depth of burial and protection
230.32
Service head
Terminal box, meter, or other enclosure
Service-entrance conductors
Part IV
Service equipment-general
Part V
Grounding and bonding
Article 250
Service equipment- disconnecting means
Part VI
Service equipment- overcurrent protection
Part VII
Branch circuits Feeders
Articles 210, 225 Articles 215, 225
Informational Note Figure 230.1 Services.
their supply end but not connected together at their load end shall be considered to be supplying one service.
(A) Special Conditions. Additional services shall be permitted to supply the following:
(1) Fire pumps
(2) Emergency systems
(3) Legally required standby systems
(4) Optional standby systems
(5) Interconnected electric power production sources
(6) Systems designed for connection to multiple sources of supply for the purpose of enhanced reliability
(B) Special Occupancies. By special permission, additional services shall be permitted for either of the following:
(1) Multiple-occupancy buildings where there is no available space for service equipment accessible to all occupants
(2) A single building or other structure sufficiently large to make two or more services necessary
(C) Capacity Requirements. Additional services shall be permitted under any of the following:
(1) Where the capacity requirements are in excess of 2000 amperes at a supply voltage of 1000 volts or less
(2) Where the load requirements of a single-phase installa- tion arc greater than the serving agency normally supplies through one service
(3) By special permission
(D) Different Characteristics. Additional services shall be permitted for different voltages, frequencies, or phases, or for different uses, such as for different rate schedules.
(E) Identification. Where a building or structure is supplied by more than one service, or any combination of branch circuits, feeders, and services, a permanent plaque or directory shall be installed at cach service disconnect location denoting all other services, feeders, and branch circuits supplying that building or structure and the arca served by cach. Sec 225.37.
230.3 One Building or Other Structure Not to Be Supplied Through Another. Service conductors supplying a building or other structure shall not pass through the interior of another building or other structure.
230.6 Conductors Considered Outside the Building. Conduc- tors shall be considered outside of a building or other structure under any of the following conditions:
(1) Where installed under not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete bencath a building or other structure
(2) Where installed within a building or other structure in a raceway that is encased in concrete or brick not less than 50 mm (2 in.) thick
(3): Where installed in any vault that meets the construction requirements of Part III of Article 450
(4) Where installed in conduit and under not less than 450 mm (18 in.) of carth bencath a building or other structure
(5) Where installed within rigid metal conduit (R.MC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) used to accommodate the clearance requirements in 230.24 and routed directly through an cave but not a wall of a building
230.7 Other Conductors. Circuit conductors other than serv- icc conductors, shall not be installed in the same raceway, cable, handhole enclosure, or underground box as the service conductors.
Exception No. 1: Grounding electrode conductors or supply side bond- ing jumpers or conductors shall be permitted within service raceways.
Exception No. 2: Load management control conductors having overcur- rent protection shall be permitted within service raceways.
230.8 Raceway Seal. Where a service raceway enters a building or structure, it shall be scaled in accordance with 300.5(G) and 300.7(A). Sparc or unused raceways shall also be scaled. Scal- ants shall be identified for use with the cable insulation, conductor insulation, bare conductor, shield, or other compo- nents.
230.9 Clearances on Buildings. Service conductors and final spans shall comply with 230.9(A), (B), and (C).
(A) Clearances. Service conductors installed as open conduc- tors or multiconductor cable without an overall outer jacket shall have a clearance of not less than 900 mm (3 ft) from windows that are designed to be opened, doors, porches, balco- nics, ladders, stairs, fire escapes, or similar locations.
Exception: Conductors run above the top level of a window shall be permitted to be less than the 900 mm (3 ft) requirement.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-107
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
230.9
ARTICLE 230 -SERVICES
(B) Vertical Clearance. The vertical clearance of final spans above, or within 900 mm (3 ft) measured horizontally of plat- forms, projections, or surfaces that will permit personal contact shall be maintained in accordance with 230.24(B).
(C) Building Openings. Overhead service conductors shall not be installed bencath openings through which materials may be moved, such as openings in farm and commercial buildings, and shall not be installed where they obstruct entrance to these building openings.
230.10 Vegetation as Support. Vegetation such as trees shall not be used for support of overhead service conductors or serv- ice equipment.
Part II. Overhead Service Conductors
230.22 Insulation or Covering. Individual conductors shall be insulated or covered.
Exception: The grounded conductor of a multiconductor cable shall be permitted to be bare.
230.23 Size and Ampacity.
(A) General. Conductors shall have sufficient ampacity to carry the current for the load as calculated in accordance with Parts II through V of Article 220 and shall have adequate mechanical strength.
(B) Minimum Size. The conductors shall not be smaller than 8 AWG copper or 6 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
Exception: Conductors supplying only limited loads of a single branch circuit - such as small polyphase power, controlled water heaters, and similar loads - shall not be smaller than 12 AWG hard-drawn copper or equivalent.
(C) Grounded Conductors. The grounded conductor shall not be less than the minimum size as required by 250.24(D).
230.24 Clearances. Overhead service conductors shall not be readily accessible and shall comply with 230.24(A) through (E) for services not over 1000 volts, nominal.
(A) Above Roofs. Conductors shall have a vertical clearance of not less than 2.6 m (8 ft 6 in.) above the roof surface. The verti- cal clearance above the roof level shall be maintained for a distance of not less than 900 mm (3 ft) in all directions from the edge of the roof.
Exception No. 1: The area above a roof surfare subject to pedestrian or vehicular traffic shall have a vertical clearance from the roof surface in accordance with the clearance requirements of 230.24(B).
Exception No. 2: Where the voltage between conductors does not exceed 300 and the roof has a slope of 100 mm in 300 mm (4 in. in 12 in.) or greater, a reduction in clearance to 900 m (3 ft) shall be permitted.
Exception No. 3: Where the voltage between conductors does not exceed 300, a reduction in clearance above only the overhanging portion of the roof to not less than 450 mm (18 in.) shall be permitted if (1) not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) of overhead service conductors, 1.2 m (4 ft) horizon- tally, pass above the roof overhang, and (2) they are terminated at a through-the-roof raceway or approved support.
Informational Note: See 230.28 for mast supports.
Exception No. 4: The requirement for maintaining the vertical clear- ance 900 mm (3 ft) from the edge of the roof shall not apply to the final
conductor span where the service drop or overhead service conductors are attached to the side of a building.
Exception No. 5: Where the voltage between conductors does not exceed 300 and the roof area is guarded or isolated, a reduction in clearance to 900 mm (3 ft) shall be permitted.
(B) Vertical Clearance for Overhead Service Conductors. Overhead service conductors, where not in excess of 1000 volts, nominal, shall have the following minimum clearance from final grade:
(1) 3.0 m (10 ft) - at the electrical service entrance to build- ings, also at the lowest point of the drip loop of the build- ing electrical entrance, and above arcas or sidewalks accessible only to pedestrians, measured from final grade or other accessible surface only for overhead service conductors supported on and cabled together with a grounded bare messenger where the voltage does not exceed 150 volts to ground
(2) 3.7 m (12 ft) - over residential property and driveways, and those commercial arcas not subject to truck traffic where the voltage does not exceed 300 volts to ground
(3) 4.5 m (15 ft) - for those arcas listed in the 3.7 m (12 ft) classification where the voltage exceeds 300 volts to ground
(4) 5.5 m (18 ft) - over public streets, alleys, roads, parking arcas subject to truck traffic, driveways on other than resi- dential property, and other land such as cultivated, graz- ing, forest, and orchard
(5) 7.5 m (241/2 ft) over tracks of railroads
(C) Clearance from Building Openings. Clearances from building openings shall comply with 230.9(C).
(D) Clearance from Swimming Pools, Fountains, and Similar Installations. Clearances from swimming pools, fountains, and similar installations shall comply with 680.9.
(E) Clearance from Communication Wires and Cables. Clear- ance from communication wires and cables shall be in accord- ance with 800.44(A) (4).
230.26 Point of Attachment. The point of attachment of the overhead service conductors to a building or other structure shall provide the minimum clearances as specified in 230.9 and 230.24. In no case shall this point of attachment be less than 3.0 m (10 ft) above finished grade.
230.27 Means of Attachment. Multiconductor cables used for overhead service conductors shall be attached to buildings or other structures by fittings identified for use with service conductors. Open conductors shall be attached to fittings iden- tified for use with service conductors or to noncombustible, nonabsorbent insulators securely attached to the building or other structure.
230.28 Service Masts as Supports. Only power service-drop or overhead service conductors shall be permitted to be attached to a service mast. Service masts used for the support of service- drop or overhead service conductors shall be installed in accordance with 230.28(A) and (B).
(A) Strength. The service mast shall be of adequate strength or be supported by braces or guy wires to withstand safely the strain imposed by the service-drop or overhead service conduc- tors. Hubs intended for use with a conduit that serves as a serv- ice mast shall be identified for use with service-entrance equipment.
70-108
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 230 -SERVICES
230.41
(B) Attachment. Service-drop or overhead service conductors shall not be attached to a service mast between a weatherhead or the end of the conduit and a coupling, where the coupling is located above the last point of securement to the building or other structure or is located above the building or other struc- turc.
230.29 Supports over Buildings. Service conductors passing over a roof shall be securely supported by substantial struc- turcs. For a grounded system, where the substantial structure is metal, it shall be bonded by means of a bonding jumper and listed connector to the grounded overhead service conductor. Where practicable, such supports shall be independent of the building.
Part III. Underground Service Conductors
230.30 Installation.
(A) Insulation. Underground service conductors shall be insu- lated for the applied voltage.
Exception: A grounded conductor shall be permitted to be uninsulated as follows:
(1) Bare copper used in a raceway
(2) Bare copper for direct burial where bare copper is approved for the soil conditions
(3) Bare copper for direct burial without regard to soil conditions where part of a cable assembly identified for underground use
(4) Aluminum or copper-clad aluminum without individual insula- tion or covering where part of a cable assembly identified for underground use in a rareway or for direct burial
(B) Wiring Methods. Underground service conductors shall be installed in accordance with the applicable requirements of this Code covering the type of wiring method used and shall be limited to the following methods:
(1) RMC conduit
(2) IMC conduit
(3) Type NUCC conduit
(4) HDPE conduit
(5) PVC conduit
(6) RTRC conduit
(7) Type IGS cable
(8) Type USE conductors or cables
(9) Type MV or Type MC cable identified for direct burial applications
(10) Typc .VI cable where suitably protected against physical damage and corrosive conditions
(11) Type TC-ER cable where identified for service entrance usc and direct burial applications
230.31 Size and Ampacity.
(A) General. Underground service conductors shall have suffi- cient ampacity to carry the current for the load as calculated in accordance with Parts II through V of Article 220.
(B) Minimum Size. The conductors shall not be smaller than 8 AWG copper or 6 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
Exception: Conductors supplying only limited loads of a single branch circuit - such as small polyphase power, controlled water heaters, and similar loads - shall not be smaller than 12 AWG copper or 10 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(C) Grounded Conductors. The grounded conductor shall not be smaller than the minimum size required by 250.24(D).
230.32 Protection Against Damage. Underground service conductors shall be protected against damage in accordance with 300.5. Service conductors entering a building or other structure shall be installed in accordance with 230.6 or protec- ted by a raceway wiring method identified in 230.43.
230.33 Spliced Conductors. Service conductors shall be permitted to be spliced or tapped in accordance with 110.14, 230.46, 300.5(E), 300.13, and 300.15.
Part IV. Service-Entrance Conductors
230.40 Number of Service-Entrance Conductor Sets. Each service drop, set of overhead service conductors, set of under- ground service conductors, or service lateral shall supply only one set of service-entrance conductors.
Exception No. 1: A building with more than one occupancy shall be permitted to have one set of service-entrance conductors for each service, as permitted in 230.2, run to each occupancy or group of occupancies. If the number of service disconnect locations for any given classification of service does not exceed six, the requirements of 230.2(E) shall apply at each location. If the number of service disconnect locations exceeds six for any given supply classification, the following conditions shall apply:
(1): All service disconnect locations for all supply characteristics, together with any branch circuit or feeder supply sources, shall be clearly described using graphics or text, or both, on one or more plaques
(2) The plaques shall be located in an approved, readily accessible location(s) on the building or structure served and as near as practicable to the point(s) of attachment or entry(ies) for each service drop or service lateral and for each set of overhead or underground service conductors.
Exception No. 2: Where two to six service disconnecting means in sepa- rate enclosures are grouped at one loration and supply separate loads from one service drop, set of overhead service conductors, set of under- ground service conductors, or service lateral, one set of service-entrance conductors shall be permitted to supply each or several such service equipment enclosures.
Exception No. 3: A one-family dwelling unit and its accessory struc- tures shall be permitted to have one set of service-entrance conductors run to each from a single service drop, set of overhead service conduc- tors, set of underground servire conductors, or service lateral.
Exception No. 4: Two-family dwellings, multifamily dwellings, and multiple occupancy buildings shall be permitted to have one set of service-entrance conductors installed to supply the circuits covered in 210.25.
Exception No. 5: One set of service-entrance conductors connected to the supply side of the normal service disconnecting means shall be permitted to supply each or several systems covered by 230.82(5) or 230.82(6).
230.41 Insulation of Service-Entrance Conductors. Service- entrance conductors entering or on the exterior of buildings or other structures shall be insulated.
Exception: A grounded conductor shall be permitted to be uninsulated as follows:
(1) Bare copper used in a rareway or part of a service cable assembly
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-109
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
230.42
ARTICLE 230 -SERVICES
(2) Bare copper for direct burial where bare copper is approved for the soil conditions
(3) Bare copper for direct burial without regard to soil conditions where part of a cable assembly identified for underground use
(4) Aluminum or copper-clad aluminum without individual insula- tion or covering where part of a cable assembly or identified for underground use in a raceway, or for direct burial
(5) Bare conductors used in an auxiliary gutter
230.42 Minimum Size and Ampacity.
(A) General. Service-entrance conductors shall have an ampacity of not less than the maximum load to be served. Conductors shall be sized not less than the largest of 230.42(A) (1) or (A)(2). Loads shall be determined in accordance with Part III, IV, or V of Article 220, as applicable. Ampacity shall be determined from 310.14 and shall comply with 110.14(C). The maximum current of busways shall be that value for which the busway has been listed or labeled.
Informational Note: See UL 857, Standard for Safety for Busways, for infonnation on busways.
(1) Continuous and Noncontinuous Loads. Where the service- entrance conductors supply continuous loads or any combina- tion of noncontinuous and continuous loads, the minimum service-entrance conductor size shall have an ampacity not less than the sum of the noncontinuous loads plus 125 percent of continuous loads.
Exception No. 1: Grounded conductors that are not connected to an overcurrent device shall be permitted to be sized at 100 percent of the sum of the continuous and noncontinuous load.
Exception No. 2: The sum of the noncontinuous load and the continu- ous load af the service-entrance conductors terminate in an overcurrent device where both the overcurrent device and its assembly are listed for operation at 100 percent of their rating shall be permitted.
(2) Application of Adjustment or Correction Factors. The minimum service-entrance conductor size shall have an ampac- ity not less than the maximum load to be served after the appli- cation of any adjustment or correction factors.
(B) Specific Installations. In addition to the requirements of 230.42(A), the minimum ampacity for ungrounded conductors for specific installations shall not be less than the rating of the service disconnecting means specified in 230.79(A) through (D).
(C) Grounded Conductors. The grounded conductor shall not be smaller than the minimum size as required by 250.24(D).
230.43 Wiring Methods for 1000 Volts, Nominal, or Less. Service-entrance conductors shall be installed in accordance with the applicable requirements of this Code covering the type of wiring method used and shall be limited to the following methods:
(1) Open wiring on insulators
(2) Type IGS cable
(3) Rigid metal conduit (R.MC)
(4) Intermediate metal conduit (IMC)
(5) Electrical metallic tubing (EMT)
(6) Electrical nonmetallic tubing (7) Service-entrance cables
(8) Wireways
(9) Busways
(10) Auxiliary gutters
(11) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC)
(12) Cablebus
(13) Type MC cable
(14) Mineral-insulated, metal-shcathed cable, Type MI
(15) Flexible metal conduit (FMIC) not over 1.8 m (6 ft) long or liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC) not over 1.8 m (6 ft) long between a raceway, or between a race- way and service equipment, with a supply-side bonding jumper routed with the flexible metal conduit (FMC) or the liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC) according to 250.102(A), (B), (C), and (E)
(16) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC)
(17) High density polyethylene conduit (HDPE)
(18) Nonmetallic underground conduit with conductors (NUCC)
(19) Reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC)
(20) Type TC-ER cable where identified for use as service entrance conductors
(21) Flexible bus systems
230.44 Cable Trays. Cable tray systems shall be permitted to support service-entrance conductors. Cable trays used to support service-entrance conductors shall contain only service- entrance conductors and shall be limited to the following methods:
(1) Type SE cable
(2) Type MC cable
(3) Type MI cable
(4) Type IGS cable
(5) Single conductors 1/0 and larger that are listed for use in cable tray
(6) Type TC-ER cable
Such cable trays shall be identified with permanently affixed labels with the wording "Service-Entrance Conductors." The labels shall be located so as to be visible after installation with a spacing not to exceed 3 m (10 ft) so that the service-entrance conductors are able to be readily traced through the entire length of the cable tray.
Exception: Conductors, other than service-entrance conductors, shall be permitted to be installed in a cable tray with service-entrance conduc- tors, provided a solid fixed barrier identified for use with the cable tray is installed to separate the service-entrance conductors from other conductors installed in the cable tray.
230.46 Spliced and Tapped Conductors. Service-entrance conductors shall be permitted to be spliced or tapped in accordance with 110.14, 300.5(E), 300.13, and 300.15. Power distribution blocks, pressure connectors, and devices for splices and taps shall be listed. Power distribution blocks installed on service conductors shall be marked "suitable for use on the line side of the service equipment" or equivalent.
Pressure connectors and devices for splices and taps installed on service conductors shall be marked "suitable for use on the line side of the service equipment" or equivalent.
230.50 Protection Against Physical Damage.
(A) Underground Service-Entrance Conductors. Under- ground service-entrance conductors shall be protected against physical damage in accordance with 300.5.
70-110
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
230.56
ARTICLE 230 -SERVICES
(B) All Other Service-Entrance Conductors. All other service- entrance conductors, other than underground service entrance conductors, shall be protected against physical damage as specified in 230.50(B) (1) or (B) (2).
(1) Service-Entrance Cables. Service-entrance cables, where subject to physical damage, shall be protected by any of the following:
(1) Rigid metal conduit (R.MC)
(2) Intermediate metal conduit (IMC)
(3) Schedule 80 PVC conduit
(4) Electrical metallic tubing (EMT)
(5) Reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC)
(6) Other approved means
(2) Other Than Service-Entrance Cables. Individual open conductors and cables, other than service-entrance cables, shall not be installed within 3.0 m (10 ft) of grade level or where exposed to physical damage.
Exception: Type MI and Type MC cable shall be permitted within 3.0 m (10 ft) of grade level where not exposed to physical damage or where protected in accordance with 300.5(D).
230.51 Mounting Supports. Service-entrance cables or individ- ual open service-entrance conductors shall be supported as specified in 230.51(A), (B), or (C).
(A) Service-Entrance Cables. Service-entrance cables shall be supported by straps or other approved means within 300 mm (12 in.) of every service head, gooseneck, or connection to a raceway or enclosure and at intervals not exceeding 750 mm (30 in.).
(B) Other Cables. Cables that are not approved for mounting in contact with a building or other structure shall be mounted on insulating supports installed at intervals not exceeding 4.5 m (15 ft) and in a manner that maintains a clearance of not less than 50 mm (2 in.) from the surface over which they pass.
(C) Individual Open Conductors. Individual open conductors shall be installed in accordance with Table 230.51(C). Where exposed to the weather, the conductors shall be mounted on insulators or on insulating supports attached to racks, brackets, or other approved means. Where not exposed to the weather, the conductors shall be mounted on glass or porcelain knobs.
230.52 Individual Conductors. Entering Buildings or Other Structures. Where individual open conductors enter a build- ing or other structure, they shall enter through roof bushings or through the wall in an upward slant through individual,
Table 230.51(C) Supports
Maximum Distance Between Supports
Minimum Clearance
Between Conductors
From Surface
Maximum Volts
m
ft
mm
in.
mm
in.
1000
2.7
9
150
6
50
2
1000
4.5
15
300
12
50
2
300
1.4
41/
75
3
50
2
1000
1.4*
41/%*
65*
21/5*
25*
I*
*Where not exposed to weather.
noncombustible, nonabsorbent insulating tubes. Drip loops shall be formed on the conductors before they enter the tubes.
230.53 Raceways to Drain. Where exposed to the weather, raceways enclosing service-entrance conductors shall be listed or approved for use in wet locations and arranged to drain. Where embedded in masonry, raceways shall be arranged to drain.
230.54 Overhead Service Locations.
(A) Service Head. Service raceways shall be equipped with a service head at the point of connection to service-drop or over- head service conductors. The service head shall be listed for usc in wet locations.
(B) Service-Entrance Cables Equipped with Service Head or Gooseneck. Service-entrance cables shall be equipped with a service head. The service head shall be listed for use in wet locations.
Exception: Type SE cable shall be permitted to be formed in a gooseneck and taped with a self-sealing weather-resistant thermoplastic.
(C) Service Heads and Goosenecks Above Service-Drop or Overhead Service Attachment. Service heads on raceways or service-entrance cables and goosenecks in service-entrance cables shall be located above the point of attachment of the service-drop or overhead service conductors to the building or other structure.
Exception: Where it is impracticable to locate the service head or goose- neck above the point of attachment, the service head or gooseneck lora- tion shall be permitted not farther than 600 mm (24 in.) from the point of attachment.
(D) Secured. Service-entrance cables shall be held securely in placc.
(E) Separately Bushed Openings. Service heads shall have conductors of different potential brought out through sepa- rately bushed openings.
Exception: For jacketed multiconductor service-entrance cable without splice.
(F) Drip Loops. Drip loops shall be formed on individual conductors. To prevent the entrance of moisture, service- entrance conductors shall be connected to the service-drop or overhead service conductors either (1) below the level of the service head or (2) below the level of the termination of the service-entrance cable sheath.
(G) Arranged That Water Will Not Enter Service Raceway or Equipment. Service-entrance and overhead service conductors shall be arranged so that water will not enter service raceway or equipment.
230.56 Service Conductor with the Higher Voltage to Ground. On a 4-wirc, delta-connected service where the midpoint of one phase winding is grounded, the service conductor having the higher phase voltage to ground shall be durably and perma- nently marked by an outer finish that is orange in color, or by other effective means, at cach termination or junction point.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-111
230.62
ARTICLE 230 -SERVICES
Part V. Service Equipment - General
230.62 Service Equipment - Enclosed or Guarded. Encr- gized parts of service equipment shall be enclosed as specified in 230.62(A) or guarded as specified in 230.62(B).
(A) Enclosed. Energized parts shall be enclosed so that they will not be exposed to accidental contact or shall be guarded as in 230.62(B).
(B) Guarded. Energized parts that are not enclosed shall be installed on a switchboard, panelboard, or control board and guarded in accordance with 110.18 and 110.27. Where ener- gized parts are guarded as provided in 110.27(A) (1) and (A) (2), a means for locking or scaling doors providing access to energized parts shall be provided.
(C) Barriers. Barriers shall be placed in service equipment such that no uninsulated, ungrounded service busbar or serv- ice terminal is exposed to inadvertent contact by persons or maintenance equipment while servicing load terminations with the service disconnect in the open position.
230.66 Marking.
(A) General. Service equipment rated at 1000 volts or less shall be marked to identify it as being suitable for use as service equipment. All service equipment shall be listed or field cvalu- atcd.
(B) Meter Sockets. Meter sockets shall not be considered serv- ice equipment but shall be listed and rated for the voltage and current rating of the service.
Exception: Meter sockets supplied by and under the exclusive control of an electric utility shall not be required to be listed.
230.67 Surge Protection.
(A) Surge-Protective Device. All services supplying the follow- ing occupancies shall be provided with a surge-protective device (SPD):
(1) Dwelling units
(2) Dormitory units
(3) Guest rooms and guest suites of hotels and motels
(4) Arcas of nursing homes and limited-care facilities used exclusively as patient sleeping rooms
Informational Note: See 517.10(B) (2).
(B) Location. The SPD shall be an integral part of the service equipment or shall be located immediately adjacent thereto.
Exception: The SPD shall not be required to be located at the service equipment as required in 230.67(B) if located at each next level distri- bution equipment downstream toward the load.
(C) Type. The SPD shall be a Type 1 or Type 2 SPD.
(D) Replacement. Where service equipment is replaced, all of the requirements of this section shall apply.
(E) Ratings. SPDs shall have a nominal discharge current rating (In) of not less than 10kA.
Part VI. Service Equipment - Disconnecting Means
230.70 General. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect all ungrounded conductors in a building or other structure from the service conductors.
(A) Location. The service disconnecting means shall be installed in accordance with 230.70(A) (1), (A) (2), and (A) (3).
(1) Readily Accessible Location. The service disconnecting means shall be installed at a readily accessible location cither outside of a building or structure or inside nearest the point of entrance of the service conductors.
(2) Bathrooms. Service disconnecting means shall not be installed in bathrooms.
(3) Remote Control. Where a remote control device(s) is used to actuate the service disconnecting means, the service discon- necting means shall be located in accordance with 230.70(A) (1).
(B) Marking. Each service disconnect shall be permanently marked to identify it as a service disconnect.
(C) Suitable for Use. Each service disconnecting means shall be suitable for the prevailing conditions. Service equipment installed in hazardous (classified) locations shall comply with the hazardous location requirements.
230.71 Maximum Number of Disconnects. Each service shall have only one disconnecting means unless the requirements of 230.71 (B) arc met.
(A) General. For the purpose of this section, disconnecting means installed as part of listed equipment and used solely for the following shall not be considered a service disconnecting mcans:
(1) Power monitoring equipment
(2) Surge-protective device(s)
(3) Control circuit of the ground-fault protection system
(4) Power-operable service disconnecting means
(B) Two to Six Service Disconnecting Means. Two to six serv- ice disconnects shall be permitted for cach service permitted by 230.2 or for cach set of service-entrance conductors permitted by 230.40, Exception No. 1, 3, 4, or 5. The two to six service disconnecting means shall be permitted to consist of a combi- nation of any of the following:
(1) Separate enclosures with a main service disconnecting means in cach enclosure
(2) Panelboards with a main service disconnecting means in cach panelboard enclosure
(3) Switchboard(s) where there is only one service discon- nect in cach separate vertical section with barriers provi- ded between cach vertical section to maintain the inadvertent contact protection required in 230.62 based on access from the adjacent section (s)
(4) Service disconnects in switchgear, transfer switches, or metering centers where cach disconnect is located in a separate compartment
(5) Metering centers with a main service disconnecting means in cach metering center
(6) Motor control center(s) where there is only one service disconnect in a motor control center unit and a maxi- mum of two service disconnects provided in a single motor control center with barriers provided between cach motor control center unit or compartment contain- ing a service disconnect to maintain the inadvertent contact protection required in 230.62 based on access from adjacent motor control center unit(s) or compart- ment(s)
70-112
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 230 - SERVICES
230.82
Exception to (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6): Existing service equipment, installed in compliance with previous editions of this Code that permit- ted multiple service disconnecting means in a single enclosure, section, or compartment, shall be permitted to contain a maximum of six service disconnecting mean.s.
Informational Note No. I: See U'L 67, Standard for Panelboards, for infonnation on metering centers.
Informational Note No. 2: Examples of separate enclosures with a main service disconnecting means in each enclosure include but are not limited to motor control centers, fused disconnects, and circuit breaker enclosures.
Informational Note No. 3: Transfer switches are provided with one service disconnect or multiple service disconnects in sepa- rate compartments.
230.72 Grouping of Disconnects.
(A) General. The two to six disconnects, if permitted in 230.71, shall be grouped. Each disconnect shall be marked to indicate the load served.
Exception: One of the two to six service disconnecting means permitted in 230.71, where used only for a water pump also intended to provide fire protection, shall be permitted to be located remote from the other disconnecting means. If remotely installed in accordance with this exception, a plaque shall be posted at the location of the remaining grouped disconnects denoting its location.
(B) Additional Service Disconnecting Means. The one or more additional service disconnecting means for fire pumps, emergency systems, legally required standby, or optional standby services permitted by 230.2 shall be installed remote from the one to six service disconnecting means for normal service to minimize the possibility of simultancous interruption of supply.
(C) Access to Occupants. In a multiple-occupancy building, cach occupant shall have access to the occupant's service disconnecting means.
Exception: In a multiple-occupancy building where electric service and electrical maintenance are provided by the building management and where these are under continuous building management supervision, the service disconnecting means supplying more than one occupancy shall be permitted to be accessible to authorized management personnel only.
230.74 Simultaneous Opening of Poles. Each service discon- nect shall simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded service conductors that it controls from the premises wiring system.
230.75 Disconnection of Grounded Conductor. Where the service disconnecting means does not disconnect the grounded conductor from the premises wiring, other means shall be provided for this purpose in the service equipment. A terminal or bus to which all grounded conductors can be attached by means of pressure connectors shall be permitted for this purpose. In a multisection switchboard or switchgear, discon- nects for the grounded conductor shall be permitted to be in any section of the switchboard or switchgear, if the switchboard or switchgear section is marked to indicate a grounded conduc- tor disconnect is located within.
Informational Note: In switchgear or multisection switchboards, the disconnecting means provided for the grounded conductor is typically identified as a neutral disconnect link and is typically located in the hus to which the service grounded conductor is connected.
230.76 Manually or Power Operable. The service disconnect- ing means for ungrounded service conductors shall consist of one of the following:
(1) A manually operable switch or circuit breaker equipped with a handle or other suitable operating means
(2) A power-operated switch or circuit breaker, provided the switch or circuit breaker can be opened by hand in the event of a power supply failure
230.77 Indicating. The service disconnecting means shall plainly indicate whether it is in the open (off) or closed (on) position.
230.79 Rating of Service Disconnecting Means. The service disconnecting means shall have a rating not less than the calcu- lated load to be carried, determined in accordance with Part III, IV, or V of Article 220, as applicable. In no case shall the rating be lower than specified in 230.79(A), (B), (C), or (D).
(A) One-Circuit Installations. For installations to supply only limited loads of a single branch circuit, the service disconnect- ing means shall have a rating of not less than 15 amperes.
(B) Two-Circuit Installations. For installations consisting of not more than two 2-wire branch circuits, the service discon- necting means shall have a rating of not less than 30 amperes.
(C) One-Family Dwellings. For a one-family dwelling, the serv- ice disconnecting means shall have a rating of not less than 100 amperes, 3-wirc.
(D) All Others. For all other installations, the service discon- necting means shall have a rating of not less than 60 amperes.
230.80 Combined Rating of Disconnects. Where the service disconnecting means consists of more than one switch or circuit breaker, as permitted by 230.71, the combined ratings of all the switches or circuit breakers used shall not be less than the rating required by 230.79.
230.81 Connection to Terminals. The service conductors shall be connected to the service disconnecting means by pressure connectors, clamps, or other approved means. Connections that depend on solder shall not be used.
230.82 Equipment Connected to the Supply Side of Service Disconnect. Only the following equipment shall be permitted to be connected to the supply side of the service disconnecting mcans:
(1) Cable limiters.
(2) Meters and meter sockets nominally rated not in excess of 1000 volts, if all metal housings and service enclosures arc grounded in accordance with Part VII and bonded in accordance with Part V of Article 250.
(3) Meter disconnect switches nominally rated not in excess of 1000 volts that have a short-circuit current rating cqual to or greater than the available fault current, if all metal housings and service enclosures are grounded in accordance with Part VII and bonded in accordance with Part V of Article 250. A meter disconnect switch shall be capable of interrupting the load served. A meter disconnect shall be legibly field marked on its exterior in a manner suitable for the environment as follows:
METER DISCONNECT NOT SERVICE EQUIPMENT
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-113
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 240 -OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
240.91
design or maintenance of electrical installations. The selection shall be documented and stamped by the professional engi- necr. This documentation shall be available to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, and operate the system. This series combination rating, including identification of the upstream device, shall be field marked on the end use equip- ment.
For calculated applications, the engineer shall ensure that the downstream circuit breaker(s) that are part of the series combination remain passive during the interruption period of the line side fully rated, current-limiting device.
Informational Note: See 110.22 for marking of series combina- tion systems.
(B) Tested Combinations. The combination of line-side over- current device and load-side circuit breaker(s) is tested and marked on the end use equipment, such as switchboards and panclboards.
Informational Note: See 110.22 for marking of series combina- tion systems.
(C) Motor Contribution. Series ratings shall not be used in the following situations:
(1) Where motor circuits are connected between the higher- rated overcurrent device of a series-rated combination and on the lower-rated circuit breaker
(2) Where the sum of these motor full-load currents exceeds 1 percent of the interrupting rating of the lower-rated circuit breaker
240.87 Arc Energy Reduction. Where the highest continuous current trip setting for which the actual overcurrent device installed in a circuit breaker is rated or can be adjusted is 1200 amperes or higher, 240.87(A), (B), and (C) shall apply.
(A) Documentation. Documentation shall be available to those authorized to design, install, operate, or inspect the installation as to the location of the circuit breaker(s). Documentation shall also be provided to demonstrate that the method chosen to reduce clearing time is set to operate at a value below the available arcing current.
(B) Method to Reduce Clearing Time. One of the following means shall be provided and shall be set to operate at less than the available arcing current:
(1) Zone-selective interlocking
(2) Differential relaying
(3) Energy-reducing maintenance switching with local status indicator
(4) Energy-reducing active arc flash mitigation system
(5) An instantancous trip setting. Temporary adjustment of the instantaneous trip setting to achieve arc energy reduc- tion shall not be permitted.
(6) An instantancous override
(7) An approved equivalent means
Informational Note No. I: An energy-reducing maintenance switch allows a worker to set a circuit breaker trip unit to "no intentional delay" to reduce the clearing time while the worker is working within an arc-flash boundary as defined in NFPA 70E-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, and then to set the trip unit back to a normal setting after the poten- tially hazardous work is complete.
Informational Note No. 2: An energy-reducing active arc-flash mitigation system helps in reducing arcing duration in the elec-
trical distribution system. No change in the circuit breaker or the settings of other devices is required during maintenance when a worker is working within an arc-flash boundary as defined in NFPA 70F-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Work- place.
Informational Note No. 3: An instantaneous trip is a function that causes a circuit breaker to trip with no intentional delay when currents exceed the instantaneous trip setting or current level. If arcing currents are above the instantaneous trip level, the circuit breaker will trip in the minimum possible time.
Informational Note No. 4: See IEEE 1584-2018, IEEE Guide for Performing Arr Flash Hazard Calculations, for guidance in deter- mining arcing current.
(C) Performance Testing. The arc energy reduction protec- tion system shall be performance tested by primary current injection testing or another approved method when first instal- led on site. This testing shall be conducted by a qualified person(s) in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
A written record of this testing shall be made and shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction.
Informational Note: Some energy reduction protection systems cannot be tested using a test process of primary current injec- tion due to, either the protection method being damaged such as with the use of fuse technology or because current is not the primary method of arc detection.
240.89 Replacement Trip Units. Replacement trip units shall be listed for use with the circuit breaker type in which it is installed.
Informational Note: The replacement trip unit can be a listed unit identical to the original or a different trip unit listed for use with the specific circuit breaker.
Part VIII. Supervised Industrial Installations
240.90 General. Overcurrent protection in arcas of supervised industrial installations shall comply with all of the other appli- cable provisions of this article, except as provided in Part VIII. Part VIII shall be permitted to apply only to those portions of the electrical system in the supervised industrial installation used exclusively for manufacturing or process control activities.
240.91 Protection of Conductors. Conductors shall be protec- ted in accordance with 240.91 (A) or 240.91 (B).
(A) General. Conductors shall be protected in accordance with 240.4.
(B) Devices Rated Over 800 Amperes. Where the overcurrent device is rated over 800 amperes, the ampacity of the conduc- tors it protects shall be equal to or greater than 95 percent of the rating of the overcurrent device in accordance with the following:
(1) The conductors are protected within recognized time vs. current limits for short-circuit currents
Informational Note: Table 240.92(B) provides time vs. short- circuit current formulas to determine limits for copper and aluminum conductors.
(2) All equipment in which the conductors terminate is listed and marked for the application.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-131
230.95
ARTICLE 230 -SERVICES
(A) Ungrounded Conductor. Such protection shall be provi- ded by an overcurrent device in series with cach ungrounded service conductor that has a rating or setting not higher than the ampacity of the conductor. A set of fuses shall be consid- cred all the fuses required to protect all the ungrounded conductors of a circuit. Single-pole circuit breakers, grouped in accordance with 230.71 (B), shall be considered as one protec- tive device.
Exception No. 1: For motor-starting currents, ratings that comply with 430.52, 430.62, and 430.63 shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: Fuses and circuit breakers with a rating or setting that complies with 240.4(B) or (C) and 240.6 shall be permitted.
Exception No. 3: Two to six circuit breakers or sets of fuses shall be permitted as the overcurrent device to provide the overload protection. The sum of the ratings of the circuit breakers or fuses shall be permitted to exceed the ampacity of the service conductors, provided the calculated load does not exceed the ampacity of the service conductors.
Exception No. 4: Overload protection for fire pump supply conductors shall comply with 695.4(B)(2)(a).
Exception No. 5: Overload protection in accordance with the conductor ampacities of 310.12 shall be permitted for single-phase dwelling serv- ices.
(B) Not in Grounded Conductor. No overcurrent device shall be inserted in a grounded service conductor except a circuit breaker that simultaneously opens all conductors of the circuit.
230.91 Location. The service overcurrent device shall be an integral part of the service disconnecting means or shall be located immediately adjacent thereto. Where fuses are used as the service overcurrent device, the disconnecting means shall be located ahead of the supply side of the fuses.
230.92 Locked Service Overcurrent Devices. Where the serv- ice overcurrent devices are locked or scaled or are not readily accessible to the occupant, branch-circuit or feeder overcur- rent devices shall be installed on the load side, shall be moun- ted in a readily accessible location, and shall be of lower ampere rating than the service overcurrent device.
230.93 Protection of Specific Circuits. Where necessary to prevent tampering, an automatic overcurrent device that protects service conductors supplying only a specific load, such as a water heater, shall be permitted to be locked or scaled where located so as to be accessible.
230.94 Relative Location of Overcurrent Device and Other Service Equipment. The overcurrent device shall protect all circuits and devices.
Exception No. 1: The service switch shall be permitted on the supply side.
Exception No. 2: High-impedance shunt circuits, surge arresters, Type 1 surge-protective devices, surge-protective capacitors, and instru- ment transformers (current and voltage) shall be permitted to be connec- ted and installed on the supply side of the service disconnecting means as permitted by 230.82.
Exception No. 3: Circuits for load management devires shall be permit- ted to be connected on the supply side of the service overcurrent device where separately provided with overcurrent protection.
Exception No. 4: Circuits used only for the operation of fire alarm, other protective signaling systems, or the supply to fire pump equipment shall
be permitted to be connected on the supply side of the service overcurrent device where separately provided with overcurrent protection.
Exception No. 5: Meters nominally rated not in excess of 600 volts shall be permitted, provided all metal housings and service enclosures are grounded.
Exception No. 6: Where service equipment is power operable, the control circuit shall be permitted to be connected ahead of the service equipment if suitable overcurrent protection and disconnecting means are provi- ded.
230.95 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment. Ground-fault protection of equipment shall be provided for solidly grounded wyc electric services of more than 150 volts to ground but not exceeding 1000 volts phase-to-phase for cach service discon- nect rated 1000 amperes or more. The grounded conductor for the solidly grounded wyc system shall be connected directly to ground through a grounding electrode system, as specified in 250.50, without inserting any resistor or impedance device.
The rating of the service disconnect shall be considered to be the rating of the largest fuse that can be installed or the highest continuous current trip setting for which the actual overcurrent device installed in a circuit breaker is rated or can be adjusted.
Exception: The ground-fault protection provisions of this section shall not apply to a service disconnect for a continuous industrial process where a nonorderly shutdown will introduce additional or increased hazards.
(A) Setting. The ground-fault protection system shall operate to cause the service disconnect to open all ungrounded conductors of the faulted circuit. The maximum setting of the ground-fault protection shall be 1200 amperes, and the maxi- mum time delay shall be one second for ground-fault currents cqual to or greater than 3000 amperes.
(B) Fuses. If a switch and fuse combination is used, the fuses employed shall be capable of interrupting any current higher than the interrupting capacity of the switch during a time that the ground-fault protective system will not cause the switch to open.
(C) Performance Testing. The ground-fault protection system shall be performance tested when first installed on site. This testing shall be conducted by a qualified person (s) using a test process of primary current injection, in accordance with instructions that shall be provided with the equipment. A writ- ten record of this testing shall be made and shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction.
Informational Note No. 1: Ground-fault protection that func- tions to open the service disconnect affords no protection from faults on the line side of the protective element. It serves only to limit damage to conductors and equipment on the load side in the event of an arcing ground fault on the load side of the protective element.
Informational Note No. 2: This added protective equipment at the service equipment could make it necessary to review the overall wiring system for proper selective overcurrent protection coordination. Additional installations of ground-fault protective equipment might be needed on feeders and branch circuits where maximum continuity of electric service is necessary.
Informational Note No. 3: Where ground-fault protection is provided for the service disconnect and interconnection is made with another supply system by a transfer device, means or devi-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-115
235.1 ARTICLE 235 - BRANCH CIRCUITS, FEEDERS, & SERVICES OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
ces could be needed to ensure proper ground-fault sensing by the ground-fault protection equipment.
Informational Note No. 4: See 517.17(A) for information on where an additional step of ground-fault protection is required for hospitals and other buildings with critical areas or life support equipment.
ARTICLE 235 Branch Circuits, Feeders, and Services Over 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts dc, Nominal
Part I. General
235.1 Scope. This article provides the general requirements for branch circuits, feeders, and services over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts de, nominal.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, for additional information on wiring over 1000 volts, nominal.
Part II. Branch Circuits
235.3 Other Articles for Specific-Purpose Branch Circuits. Table 235.3 lists references for specific equipment and applica- tions not located in Chapters 5, 6, and 7 that amend or supple- ment the requirements of this article.
235.5 Conductor Identification for Branch Circuits.
(A) Grounded Conductor. The grounded conductor of a branch circuit shall be identified in accordance with 200.6.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductor. The equipment grounding conductor shall be identified in accordance with 250.119.
Table 235.3 References for Specific Equipment and Applications Not Located in Chapters 5, 6, and 7
Equipment
Article
Section
Air-conditioning and refrigerating equipment Busways
440.6, 440.31, and
440.32
368.17
Central heating equipment other than fixed electric space-heating equipment
422.12
Fixed electric heating
427.4
equipment for pipelines and vessels
Fixed electric space-heating equipment
424.4
Fixed outdoor electrical
426.4
deicing and snow-melting equipment
Infrared lamp industrial
422.48 and 424.3
heating equipment
Motors, motor circuits, and controllers
430
70-116
(C) Ungrounded Conductors. Ungrounded conductors shall be identified in accordance with 235.5(C) (1) or (C) (2), as applicable.
(1) Branch Circuits Supplied from More Than One Nominal Voltage System. Where the premises wiring system has branch circuits supplied from more than one nominal voltage system, cach ungrounded conductor of a branch circuit shall be identi- fied by phase or linc and by nominal system voltage at all termi- nation, connection, and splice points in accordance with 235.5(C) (1) (a) and (C) (1)(b). Different systems within the same premises that have the same nominal voltage shall be permitted to use the same identification.
(a) Means of Identification. The means of identification shall be permitted to be by separate color coding, marking tapc, tagging, or other approved means.
(b) Posting of Identification Means. The method used for conductors originating within cach branch-circuit panelboard or similar branch-circuit distribution equipment shall be docu- mented in a manner that is readily available or shall be perma- nently posted at cach branch-circuit panelboard or similar branch-circuit distribution equipment. The label shall be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved and shall not be handwritten.
Exception: In existing installations where a voltage system(s) already exists and a different voltage system is being added, it shall be permissi- ble to mark only the new system voltage. Existing unidentified systems shall not be required to be identified at each termination, connection, and splice point in accordance with 235.5(C)(1)(a) and (C)(1)(b). Labeling shall be required at each voltage system distribution equipment to identify that only one voltage system has been marked for a new system(s). The new system label(s) shall include the words "other unidentified systems exist on the premises."
(2) Branch Circuits Supplied from Direct-Current Systems. Where a branch circuit is supplied from a dc system operating at more than 1500 volts, cach ungrounded conductor of 4 AWG or larger shall be identified by polarity at all termina- tion, connection, and splice points by marking tape, tagging, or other approved means and cach ungrounded conductor of 6 AWG or smaller shall be identified by polarity at all termina- tion, connection, and splice points in compliance with 235.5(C) (2) (a) and (C) (2)(b). The identification methods used for conductors originating within cach branch-circuit panelboard or similar branch-circuit distribution equipment shall be documented in a manner that is readily available or be permanently posted at cach branch-circuit panelboard or simi- lar branch-circuit distribution equipment.
(a) Positive Polarity, Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller: Where the posi- tive polarity of a de system does not serve as the connection point for the grounded conductor, cach positive ungrounded conductor shall be identified by one of the following means:
(1) A continuous red outer finish
(2) A continuous red stripe durably marked along the conductor's entire length on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black
(3) Imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black and repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) in accordance with 310.8(B)
(4) An approved permanent marking means such as sleeving or shrink-tubing that is suitable for the conductor size, at all termination, connection, and splice points, with imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 235 - BRANCH CIRCUITS, FEEDERS, & SERVICES OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL 235.23
durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black
(b) Negative Polarity, Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller. Where the negative polarity of a de system does not serve as the connec- tion point for the grounded conductor, cach negative ungroun- ded conductor shall be identified by one of the following mcans:
(1) A continuous black outer finish
(2) A continuous black stripe durably marked along the conductor's entire length on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red
(3) Imprinted minus signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red and repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) in accordance with 310.8(B)
(4) An approved permanent marking means such as sleeving or shrink-tubing that is suitable for the conductor size, at all termination, connection, and splice points, with imprinted minus signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red
235.6 Branch-Circuit Voltage Limitations Over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts de, Nominal, Between Conductors. Circuits exceed- ing 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts de, nominal, between conductors shall be permitted to supply utilization equipment in installa- tions where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation.
235.9 Circuits Derived from Autotransformers. Branch circuits shall not be derived from autotransformers unless the circuit supplied has a grounded conductor that is electrically connected to a grounded conductor of the system supplying the autotransformer.
235.10 Ungrounded Conductors Tapped from Grounded Systems. Two-wire dc circuits and ac circuits of two or more ungrounded conductors shall be permitted to be tapped from the ungrounded conductors of circuits that have a grounded neutral conductor. Switching devices in cach tapped circuit shall have a pole in cach ungrounded conductor. All poles of multipole switching devices shall manually switch together where such switching devices also serve as a disconnecting means as required by the following sections:
(1) 410.93 for double-pole switched lampholders
(2) 410.104(B) for electric-discharge lamp auxiliary cquip- ment switching devices
(3) 422.31 (B) for an appliance
(4) 424.20 for a fixed electric space-heating unit
(5) 426.51 for electric deicing and snow-melting equipment
(6) 430.85 for a motor controller
(7) 430.103 for a motor
235.11 Branch Circuits Required. The minimum number of branch circuits shall be determined from the total calculated load and the size or rating of the circuits used. In all installa- tions, the number of circuits shall be sufficient to supply the load served.
235.18 Rating. Branch circuits recognized by this article shall be rated in accordance with the maximum permitted ampere rating or setting of the overcurrent device. Where conductors of higher ampacity are used for any reason, the ampere rating or setting of the specified overcurrent device shall determine the circuit rating.
235.19 Conductors - Minimum Ampacity and Size. The ampacity of conductors shall be in accordance with 310.14 and 315.60, as applicable. Branch-circuit conductors shall be sized in accordance with 235.19(A) or (B).
(A) General. The ampacity of branch-circuit conductors shall not be less than 125 percent of the designed potential load of utilization equipment that will be operated simultaneously.
(B) Supervised Installations. For supervised installations, branch-circuit conductor sizing shall be permitted to be deter- mined by qualified persons under engineering supervision. Supervised installations are defined as those portions of a facility where both of the following conditions are met:
(1) Conditions of design and installation are provided under engineering supervision.
(2) Qualified persons with documented training and experi- ence in over 1000-volt ac or 1500-volt dc systems provide maintenance, monitoring, and servicing of the system.
235.20 Overcurrent Protection. Branch-circuit conductors and equipment shall be protected by overcurrent protective devices that have a rating or setting that complies with 235.20(A) through (C).
(A) Continuous and Noncontinuous Loads. Where a branch circuit supplies continuous loads or any combination of contin- uous and noncontinuous loads, the rating of the overcurrent device shall not be less than the noncontinuous load plus 125 percent of the continuous load.
Exception: Where the assembly, including the overrurrent devires protecting the branch circuit(s), is listed for operation at 100 percent of its rating, the ampere rating of the overcurrent device shall be permitted to be not less than the sum of the continuous load plus the noncontinu- ous load.
(B) Conductor Protection. Conductors shall be protected in accordance with the ampacities specified in 310.14 or 315.60, as applicable.
(C) Equipment. The rating or setting of the overcurrent protective device shall not exceed that specified in the applica- ble articles referenced in Table 240.3 for equipment.
235.22 Permissible Loads, Individual Branch Circuits. An indi- vidual branch circuit shall be permitted to supply any load for which it is rated, but in no case shall the load exceed the branch-circuit ampere rating.
235.23 Permissible Loads, Multiple-Outlet Branch Circuits. A branch circuit supplying two or more outlets or receptacles shall supply only the loads specified according to its size in accordance with 210.23(A) through (E) and as summarized in 210.24, and in no case shall the load exceed the branch-circuit ampere rating.
(A) 15- and 20-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 15- or 20-ampere branch circuit shall be permitted to supply lighting outlets, lighting units, or other utilization equipment, or any combina- tion of them, and shall comply with 235.23(A) (1) and (A) (2).
(1) Cord-and-Plug-Connected Equipment Not Fastened in Place. The rating of any one cord-and-plug-connected utiliza- tion equipment not fastened in place shall not exceed 80 percent of the branch-circuit ampere rating.
(2) Utilization Equipment Fastened in Place. The total rating of utilization equipment fastened in place, other than lumin-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-117
235.23 ARTICLE 235 - BRANCH CIRCUITS, FEEDERS, & SERVICES OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
aires, shall not exceed 50 percent of the branch-circuit ampere rating where lighting units, cord-and-plug-connected utilization equipment not fastened in place, or both, are also supplied.
(B) 30-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 30-ampere branch circuit shall be permitted to supply fixed lighting units with heavy-duty lampholders in other than a dwelling unit(s) or utilization equipment in any occupancy. The rating of any one cord-and- plug-connected utilization equipment shall not exceed 80 percent of the branch-circuit ampere rating.
(C) 40- and 50-Ampere Branch Circuits. A 40- or 50-ampere branch circuit shall be permitted to supply cooking appliances that are fastened in place in any occupancy. In other than dwelling units, such circuits shall be permitted to supply fixed lighting units with heavy-duty lampholders, infrared heating units, or other utilization equipment.
(D) Branch Circuits Larger Than 50 Amperes. Branch circuits larger than 50 amperes shall supply only nonlighting outlet loads.
235.63 Equipment Requiring Servicing. A 125-volt, single- phase, 15- or 20-ampere-rated receptacle outlet shall be installed at an accessible location within 7.5 m (25 ft) of the equipment as specified in 210.63(A) and (B).
Informational Note: See 210.8(E) for requirements on GFCI protection.
(A) Heating, Air-Conditioning, and Refrigeration Equipment. The required receptacle outlet shall be located on the same level as the heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration equip- ment. The receptacle outlet shall not be connected to the load side of the equipment's branch-circuit disconnecting means.
Exception: A receptacle outlet shall not be required at one- and two- family dwellings for the service of evaporative coolers.
(B) Other Electrical Equipment. In other than one- and two- family dwellings, a receptacle outlet shall be located as speci- ficd in 210.63(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Indoor Service Equipment. The required receptacle outlet shall be located within the same room or area as the service equipment.
(2) Indoor Equipment Requiring Dedicated Equipment Spaces. Where equipment, other than service cqmpment, requires dedicated equipment space as specified in 110.26(E), the required receptacle outlet shall be located within the same room or arca as the electrical equipment and shall not be connected to the load side of the equipment's disconnecting means.
Part III. Feeders
235.201 General. Part III covers the installation requirements, overcurrent protection requirements, minimum size, and ampacity of conductors for feeders over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc, nominal.
235.202 Minimum Rating and Size. The ampacity of conduc- tors shall be in accordance with 310.14 and 315.60 as applica- ble. Where installed, the size of the feeder-circuit grounded conductor shall not be smaller than that required by 250.122, except that 250.122(F) shall not apply where grounded conductors arc run in parallel. Feeder conductors over
1000 volts shall be sized in accordance with 235.202(A), (B), or (C).
(A) Feeders Supplying Transformers. The ampacity of feeder conductors shall not be less than the sum of the nameplate ratings of the transformers supplied when only transformers arc supplicd.
(B) Feeders Supplying Transformers and Utilization Equip- ment. The ampacity of feeders supplying a combination of transformers and utilization equipment shall not be less than the sum of the nameplate ratings of the transformers and 125 percent of the designed potential load of the utilization equipment that will be operated simultaneously.
(C) Supervised Installations. For supervised installations, feeder conductor sizing shall be permitted to be determined by qualified persons under engineering supervision in accordance with 310.14(B) or 315.60(B). Supervised installations arc defined as those portions of a facility where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Conditions of design and installation are provided under engineering supervision.
(2) Qualified persons with documented training and experi- ence in over 1000-volt systems provide maintenance, monitoring, and servicing of the system.
235.203 Overcurrent Protection. Feeders shall be protected against overcurrent.
235.205 Diagrams of Feeders. If required by the authority having jurisdiction, a diagram showing feeder details shall be provided prior to the installation of the feeders. Such a diagram shall show the arca in square feet of the building or other structure supplied by cach feeder, the total calculated load before applying demand factors, the demand factors used, the calculated load after applying demand factors, and the size and type of conductors to be used.
235.206 Feeder Equipment Grounding Conductor. Where a feeder supplies branch circuits in which equipment grounding conductors are required, the feeder shall include or provide an equipment grounding conductor, to which the equipment grounding conductors of the branch circuits shall be connec- ted. Where the feeder supplies a separate building or structure, the requirements of 250.32 shall apply.
235.212 Identification for Feeders.
(A) Grounded Conductor. The grounded conductor of a feeder, if insulated, shall be identified in accordance with 200.6.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductor. The equipment grounding conductor shall be identified in accordance with 250.119.
(C) Identification of Ungrounded Conductors. Ungrounded conductors shall be identified in accordance with 235.212(C) (1) or (C) (2), as applicable.
(1) Feeders Supplied from More Than One Nominal Voltage System. Where the premises wiring system has feeders supplied from more than one nominal voltage system, cach ungrounded conductor of a feeder shall be identified by phase or line and system at all termination, connection, and splice points in compliance with 235.212(C) (1) (a) and (C) (1) (b).
70-118
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 235 - BRANCH CIRCUITS, FEEDERS, & SERVICES OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL 235.352
(a) Means of Identification. The means of identification shall be permitted to be by separate color coding, marking tapc, tagging, or other approved means.
(b) Posting of Identification Means. The method utilized for conductors originating within cach feeder panelboard or simi- lar feeder distribution equipment shall be documented in a manner that is readily available or shall be permanently posted at cach feeder panelboard or similar feeder distribution equip- ment.
(2) Feeders Supplied from Direct-Current Systems. Where a feeder is supplied from a de system operating at more than 1500 volts, cach ungrounded conductor of 4 AWG or larger shall be identified by polarity at all termination, connection, and splice points by marking tape, tagging, or other approved means; cach ungrounded conductor of 6 AWG or smaller shall be identified by polarity at all termination, connection, and splice points in compliance with 235.212(C) (2) (a) and (C) (2) (b). The identification methods utilized for conductors origi- nating within cach feeder panelboard or similar feeder distri- bution equipment shall be documented in a manner that is readily available or shall be permanently posted at cach feeder panelboard or similar feeder distribution equipment.
(a) Positive Polarity, Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller. Where the posi- tive polarity of a de system does not serve as the connection for the grounded conductor, cach positive ungrounded conductor shall be identified by one of the following means:
(1) A continuous red outer finish
(2) A continuous red stripe durably marked along the conductor's entire length on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black
(3) Imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black, and repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) in accordance with 310.8(B)
(4) An approved permanent marking means such as sleeving or shrink-tubing that is suitable for the conductor size, at all termination, connection, and splice points, with imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or black
(b) Negative Polarity, Sizes 6 AWG or Smaller. Where the negative polarity of a dc system does not serve as the connec- tion for the grounded conductor, cach negative ungrounded conductor shall be identified by one of the following means:
(1) A continuous black outer finish
(2) A continuous black stripe durably marked along the conductor's entire length on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red
(3) Imprinted minus signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red, and repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) in accordance with 310.8(B)
(4) An approved permanent marking means such as sleeving or shrink-tubing that is suitable for the conductor size, at all termination, connection, and splice points, with imprinted minus signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red
Part IV. Outside Branch Circuits and Feeders
235.301 General. Part IV covers requirements for outside branch circuits and feeders over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc,
nominal, that are run on or between buildings, structures, or poles on the premises; and electrical equipment and wiring for the supply of utilization equipment that is located on or attached to the outside of buildings, structures, or poles. Outside branch circuits and feeders over 1000 volts ac or 1500 volts dc, nominal, shall comply with the applicable requirements in Parts I and II of Article 225 and with Part IV of this article, which supplements or modifies those requirements.
235.306 Conductor Size and Support. For overhead spans, open individual conductors shall not be smaller than 6 AWG copper or 4 AWG aluminum where open individual conductors and 8 AWG copper or 6 AWG aluminum where in cable.
235.310 Wiring on Buildings (or Other Structures). The instal- lation of outside wiring on surfaces of buildings (or other struc- turcs) shall be installed as provided in 305.3.
235.314 Open-Conductor Spacings. Conductors shall comply with the spacings provided in 110.36 and 495.24.
235.339 Rating of Disconnect. The feeder or branch-circuit disconnecting means shall have a rating of not less than the calculated load to be supplied, determined in accordance with Parts I and II of Article 220 for branch circuits, Part III or IV of Article 220 for feeders, or Part V of Article 220 for farm load.s.
235.350 Sizing of Conductors. The sizing of conductors over 1000 volts shall be in accordance with 235.19(A) for branch circuits and 235.19(B) for feeders.
235.351 Isolating Switches. Where oil switches or air, oil, vacuum, or sulfur hexafluoride circuit breakers constitute a building disconnecting means, an isolating switch with visible break contacts and meeting the requirements of 235.404(B), (C), and (D) shall be installed on the supply side of the discon- necting means and all associatedequipment.
Exception: The isolating switch shall not be required where the discon- necting means is mounted on removable truck panels or switchgear units that cannot be opened unless the circuit is disconnected and that, when removed from the normal operating position, automatically disconnect the circuit breaker or switch from all energized parts.
235.352 Disconnecting Means.
(A) Location. A building or structure disconnecting means shall be located in accordance with 225.31 (B), or, if not readily accessible, it shall be operable by mechanical linkage from a readily accessible point. For multibuilding industrial installa- tions under single management, it shall be permitted to be electrically operated by a readily accessible, remote-control device in a separate building or structure.
(B) Type. Each building or structure disconnect shall simulta- ncously disconnect all ungrounded supply conductors it controls and shall have a fault-closing rating not less than the available fault current at its supply terminals.
Exception: Where the individual disconnecting means consists of fused cutouts, the simultaneous disconnection of all ungrounded supply conductors shall not be required if there is a means to disconnect the load before opening the cutouts. A permanent legible sign shall be installed adjacent to the fused cutouts and shall read DISCONNECT LOAD BEFORE OPENING CUTOUTS.
Where fused switches or separately mounted fuses arc installed, the fuse characteristics shall be permitted to contrib- ute to the fault-closing rating of the disconnecting means.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-119
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
235.352 ARTICLE 235 - BRANCH CIRCUITS, FEEDERS, & SERVICES OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
(C) Locking. Disconnecting means shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
Exception: Where an individual disconnecting means consists of fused cutouts, a suitable enclosure capable of being locked and sized to contain all cutout fuse holders shall be installed at a convenient loca- tion to the fused cutouts.
(D) Indicating. Disconnecting means shall clearly indicate whether they are in the open "off" or closed "on" position.
(E) Uniform Position. Where disconnecting means handles arc operated vertically, the "up" position of the handle shall be the "on" position.
Exception: A switching device having more than one "on" position, such as a double throw switch, shall not be required to comply with this requirement.
(F) Identification. Where a building or structure has any combination of feeders, branch circuits, or services passing through or supplying it, a permanent plaque or directory shall be installed at cach feeder and branch-circuit disconnect loca- tion that denotes all other services, feeders, or branch circuits supplying that building or structure or passing through that building or structure and the arca served by cach.
235.356 Inspections and Tests.
(A) Pre-Energization and Operating Tests. The complete elec- trical system design, including settings for protective, switching, and control circuits, shall be prepared in advance and made available on request to the authority having jurisdiction and shall be performance tested when first installed on-site. Each protective, switching, and control circuit shall be adjusted in accordance with the system design and tested by actual opera- tion using current injection or equivalent methods as necessary to ensure that cach and every such circuit operates correctly to the satisfaction of the authority having jurisdiction.
(1) Instrument Transformers. All instrument transformers shall be tested to verify correct polarity and burden.
(2) Protective Relays. Each protective relay shall be demon- strated to operate by injecting current or voltage, or both, at the associated instrument transformer output terminal and observing that the associated switching and signaling functions occur correctly and in proper time and sequence to accomplish the protective function intended.
(3) Switching Circuits. Each switching circuit shall be observed to operate the associated equipment being switched.
(4) Control and Signal Circuits. Each control or signal circuit shall be observed to perform its proper control function or produce a correct signal output.
(5) Metering Circuits. All metering circuits shall be verified to operate correctly from voltage and current sources in a similar manner to protective relay circuits.
(6) Acceptance Tests. Complete acceptance tests shall be performed, after the substation installation is completed, on all assemblies, equipment, conductors, and control and protective systems, as applicable, to verify the integrity of all the systems.
(7) Relays and Metering Utilizing Phase Differences. All relays and metering that use phase differences for operation shall be verified by measuring phase angles at the relay under actual load conditions after operation commences.
(B) Test Report. A test report covering the results of the tests required in 235.356(A) shall be delivered to the authority having jurisdiction prior to energization.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NETA ATS, Acceptance Testing Specifications for Electrical Power Distribution Equipment and Systems, for an example of acceptance specifications.
235.360 Clearances over Roadways, Walkways, Rail, Water, and Open Land.
(A) 22 kV or Less to Ground. The clearances over roadways, walkways, rail, water, and open land for conductors and live parts up to 22 kV or less to ground shall be not less than the values shown in Table 235.360(A).
(B) More Than 22 kV to Ground. Clearances for the catego- rics shown in Table 235.360(A) shall be increased by 10 mm (0.4 in.) per kV, or major fraction thereof, more than 22 kV.
(C) Special Cases. For special cases, such as where crossings will be made over lakes, rivers, or arcas using large vehicles such as mining operations, specific designs shall be engineered considering the special circumstances and shall be approved by the authority having jurisdiction.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, for additional information.
235.361 Clearances over Buildings and Other Structures.
(A) 22 kV or Less to Ground. The clearances over buildings and other structures for conductors and live parts up to 22 kV or less to ground shall be not less than the values shown in Table 235.361 (A).
(B) More Than 22 kV to Ground. Clearances for the catego- rics shown in Table 235.361 (A) shall be increased by 10 mm (0.4 in.) per kV, or major fraction thercof, more than 22 kV.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, for additional infonnation.
Part V. Services
235.401 General. Part V covers requirements for service conductors and equipment used on circuits over 1000 volts ac and 1500 volts dc, nominal, shall comply with all of the applica- ble requirements in Parts I through VII of Article 230 and with Part V of this article, which supplements or modifies those requirements. In no case shall the provisions of Part V apply to equipment on the supply side of the service point.
Table 235.360(A) Clearances over Roadways, Walkways, Rail, Water, and Open Land
Clearance
Location
m
ft
Open land subject to vehicles, cultivation, or grazing
5.6
18.5
Roadways, driveways, parking lots, and alleys
5.6
18.5
Walkways
4.1
13.5
Rails
8.1
26.5
Spaces and ways for pedestrians and restricted traffic
4.4
14.5
Water areas not suitable for boating
5.2
17.0
70-120
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 235 - BRANCH CIRCUITS, FEEDERS, & SERVICES OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL 235.409
Table 235.361 (A) Clearances over Buildings and Other Structures
Horizontal
Vertical
Clearance from Conductors or Live Parts from:
m
ft
m
ft
Building walls, projections, and windows
2.3
7.5
Balconies, catwalks, and similar areas accessible to people
2.3
7.5
4.1
13.5
Over or under roofs or projections not readily accessible to people
4.1
13.5
Over roofs accessible to trucks Other structures
2.3
7.5
235.402 Service-Entrance Conductors. Service-entrance conductors to buildings or enclosures shall be installed to conform to 235.402(A) and (B).
(A) Conductor Size. Service-entrance conductors shall not be smaller than 6 AWG unless in multiconductor cable. Multicon- ductor cable shall not be smaller than 8 AWG.
(B) Wiring Methods. Service-entrance conductors shall be installed by one of the wiring methods covered in 305.3 and 305.15.
235.404 Isolating Switches.
(A) Where Required. Where oil switches or air, oil, vacuum, or sulfur hexafluoride circuit breakers constitute the service disconnecting means, an isolating switch with visible break contacts shall be installed on the supply side of the disconnect- ing means and all associated service equipment.
Exception: An isolating switch shall not be required where the circuit breaker or switch is mounted on removable truck panels or switchgear units where both of the following conditions apply:
(1) Cannot be opened unless the circuit is disconnected
(2) Where all energized parts are autoinatically disconnected when the circuit breaker or switch is removed from the normal operating position
(B) Fuses as Isolating Switch. Where fuses arc of the type that can be operated as a disconnecting switch, a set of such fuses shall be permitted as the isolating switch.
(C) Accessible to Qualified Persons Only. The isolating switch shall be accessible to qualified persons only.
(D) Connection to Ground. Isolating switches shall be provi- ded with a means for readily connecting the load side conduc- tors to a grounding electrode system, equipment ground busbar, or grounded steel structure when disconnected from the source of supply.
A means for grounding the load side conductors to a grounding electrode system, equipment grounding busbar, or grounded structural steel shall not be required for any dupli- cate isolating switch installed and maintained by the electric supply company.
235.405 Disconnecting Means.
(A) Location. The service disconnecting means shall be loca- ted in accordance with 230.70.
For cither overhead or underground primary distribution systems on private property, the service disconnect shall be permitted to be located in a location that is not readily accessi- ble, if the disconnecting means can be operated by mechanical linkage from a readily accessible point, or electronically in accordance with 235.405(C), where applicable.
(B) Type. Each service disconnect shall simultaneously discon- nect all ungrounded service conductors that it controls and shall have a fault-closing rating that is not less than the availa- ble fault current at its supply terminals.
Where fused switches or separately mounted fuses are installed, the fuse characteristics shall be permitted to contrib- ute to the fault-closing rating of the disconnecting means.
(C) Remote Control. For multibuilding, industrial installa- tions under single management, the service disconnecting means shall be permitted to be located at a separate building or structure. In such cases, the service disconnecting means shall be permitted to be electrically operated by a readily acces- sible, remote-control device.
235.406 Overcurrent Devices as Disconnecting Means. Where the circuit breaker or alternative for it, as specified in 235.408 for service overcurrent devices, meets the requirements speci- fied in 235.405, it shall constitute the service disconnecting means.
235.408 Protection Requirements. A short-circuit protective device shall be provided on the load side of, or as an integral part of, the service disconnect, and shall protect all ungroun- ded conductors that it supplies. The protective device shall be capable of detecting and interrupting all values of current, in excess of its trip setting or melting point, that can occur at its location. A fuse rated in continuous amperes not to exceed three times the ampacity of the conductor, or a circuit breaker with a trip setting of not more than six times the ampacity of the conductors, shall be considered as providing the required short-circuit protection.
Informational Note: See Table 315.60(C) (1) through Table 315.60(C)(20) for ampacities of conductors rated 2001 volts to 35,000 volts.
Overcurrent devices shall conform to 235.408(A) and (B).
(A) Equipment Type. Equipment used to protect service- entrance conductors shall meet the requirements of Article 495, Part II.
(B) Enclosed Overcurrent Devices. The restriction to 80 percent of the rating for an enclosed overcurrent device for continuous loads shall not apply to overcurrent devices installed in systems operating at over 1000 volts.
235.409 Surge Arresters. Surge arresters installed in accord- ance with the requirements of Parts II and III of Article 242 shall be permitted on cach ungrounded overhead service conductor.
Informational Note: Surge arresters may be referred to as light- ning arresters in older documents.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-121
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
3.8
12.5
Over roofs accessible to vehicles but not trucks
5.6
18.5
235.410
ARTICLE 240 -OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
235.410 Service Equipment - General. Service equipment, including instrument transformers, shall conform to Part I of Article 495.
235.411 Switchgear. Switchgear shall consist of a substantial metal structure and a sheet metal enclosure. Where installed over a combustible floor, suitable protection thereto shall be provided.
235.412 Over 35,000 Volts. Where the voltage exceeds 35,000 volts between conductors that enter a building, they shall terminate in a switchgear compartment or a vault conforming to the requirements of 450.41 through 450.48.
ARTICLE 240 Overcurrent Protection
Part I. General
240.1 Scope. Parts I through VII of this article provide the general requirements for overcurrent protection and overcur- rent protective devices not more than 1000 volts, nominal. Part VIII covers overcurrent protection for those portions of supervised industrial installations operating at voltages of not more than 1000 volts, nominal.
Informational Note No. 1: Overcurrent protection for conduc- tors and equipment is provided to open the circuit if the current reaches a value that will cause an excessive or dangerous temperature in conductors or conductor insulation.
Informational Note No. 2: See 110.9 for requirements for inter- rupting ratings and 110.10 for requirements for protection against fault currents.
240.2 Reconditioned Equipment.
(A) Reconditioning Not Permitted. The following equipment shall not be reconditioned:
(1) Equipment providing ground-fault protection of equip- ment
(2) Ground-fault circuit interrupters
(3) Low-voltage fuscholders and low-voltage nonrenewable fuscs
(4) Molded-case circuit breakers
(5) Low-voltage power circuit breaker electronic trip units.
(B) Reconditioning Permitted. The following equipment shall be permitted to be reconditioned:
(1) Low-voltage power circuit breakers
(2) Electromechanical protective relays and current trans- formers
Reconditioned equipment shall be listed as reconditioned and comply with 110.21 (A) (2).
240.3 Other Articles. Equipment shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with the article in this Code that covers the type of equipment specified in Table 240.3.
240.4 Protection of Conductors. Conductors, other than flexi- ble cords, flexible cables, and fixture wires, shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with their ampacities speci-
Table 240.3 Other Articles
Equipment
Article
Air-conditioning and refrigerating
440
equipment
Appliances
422
Assembly occupancies
518
Audio signal processing, amplification, and reproduction equipment
640
Branch circuits
210
Busways
368
Capacitors
460
Class 1 power-limited circuits and Class 1
724
power-limited remote-control and
signaling circuits
Class 2 and Class 3 remote-control,
725
signaling, and power-limited circuits
610
Electric signs and outline lighting
600
Electrolytic cells 668
620
Elevators, dumbwaiters, escalators, moving walks, wheelchair lifts, and stairway chairlifts
700
Fire alarm systems
760
Fire pumps 695
427
Fixed electric space-heating equipment
424
Fixed outdoor electric deicing and snow- melting equipment
426
Generators
445
Health care facilities
517
Induction and dielectric heating equipment
665
Industrial machinery 670
Luminaires, lampholders, and lamps 410
530
Motors, motor circuits, and controllers
430
Phase converters
455
Pipe organs 650
Receptacles 406
Services
230
Solar photovoltaic systems
690
Switchboards, switchgear, and panelboards
408
Theaters, audience areas of motion picture and television studios, and similar locations
520
Transformers and transformer vaults
450
X-ray equipment
660
ficd in 310.14, unless otherwise permitted or required in 240.4(A) through (H).
Informational Note: See ICEA P-32-382-2018, Short Circuit Char- acteristics of Insulated Cables, for information on allowable short- circuit currents for insulated copper and aluminum conductors.
(A) Power Loss Hazard. Conductor overload protection shall not be required where the interruption of the circuit would create a hazard, such as in a material-handling magnet circuit or fire pump circuit. Short-circuit protection shall be provided.
Informational Note: See NFPA 20-2019, Standard for the Installa- tion of Stationary Pumps for Fire Protection.
70-122
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Cranes and hoists
Electric welders 630
Emergency systems
Fixed electric heating equipment for pipelines and vessels
Motion picture and television studios and similar locations
240.5
ARTICLE 240 -OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
(B) Overcurrent Devices Rated 800 Amperes or Less. The next higher standard overcurrent device rating (above the ampacity of the conductors being protected) shall be permitted to be used, provided all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The conductors being protected are not part of a branch circuit supplying more than one receptacle for cord-and- plug-connected portable loads.
(2) The ampacity of the conductors does not correspond with the standard ampere rating of a fuse or a circuit breaker without overload trip adjustments above its rating (but that shall be permitted to have other trip or rating adjust- ments).
(3) The next higher standard rating selected does not exceed 800 amperes.
If the overcurrent protective device is an adjustable trip devi- ceinstalled in accordance with 240.4(B) (1), (B) (2), and (B) (3), it shall be permitted to be set to a value that does not exceed the next higher standard value above the ampacity of the conductors being protected as shown in Table 240.6(A) where restricted access in accordance with 240.6(C) is provi- ded.
(C) Overcurrent Devices Rated over 800 Amperes. Where the overcurrent device is rated over 800 amperes, the ampacity of the conductors it protects shall be equal to or greater than the rating of the overcurrent device defined in 240.6.
(D) Small Conductors. Unless specifically permitted in 240.4(E) or (G), the overcurrent protection shall not exceed that required by 240.4(D) (1) through (D) (8) after any correc- tion factors for ambient temperature and number of conduc- tors have been applied.
(1) 18 AWG Copper. 7 amperes, provided all the following conditions are met:
(1) Continuous loads do not exceed 5.6 amperes.
(2) Overcurrent protection is provided by one of the follow- ing:
a. Branch-circuit-rated circuit breakers listed and marked for use with 18 AWG copper conductor
b. Branch-circuit-rated fuses listed and marked for use with 18 AWG copper conductor
c. Class CC, Class CF, Class J, or Class T fuscs
(2) 16 AWG Copper. 10 amperes, provided all the following conditions are met:
(1) Continuous loads do not exceed 8 amperes.
(2) Overcurrent protection is provided by one of the follow- ing:
a. Branch-circuit-rated circuit breakers listed and marked for use with 16 AWG copper conductor
b. Branch-circuit-rated fuses listed and marked for use with 16 AWG copper conductor
c. Class CC, Class CF, Class J, or Class T fuses
(3) 14 AWG Copper-Clad Aluminum. 10 amperes, provided all the following conditions are met:
(1) Continuous loads do not exceed 8 amperes
(2) Overcurrent protection is provided by one of the follow- ing:
a. Branch-circuit-rated circuit breakers are listed and marked for use with 14 AWG copper-clad aluminum conductor.
b. Branch-circuit-rated fuses are listed and marked for usc with 14 AWG copper-clad aluminum conductor.
(4) 14 AWG Copper. 15 amperes
(5) 12 AWG Aluminum and Copper-Clad Aluminum. 15 amperes
(6) 12 AWG Copper. 20 amperes
(7) 10 AWG Aluminum and Copper-Clad Aluminum. 25 amperes
(8) 10 AWG Copper. 30 amperes
(E) Tap Conductors. Tap conductors shall be permitted to be protected against overcurrent in accordance with the following:
(1) 210.19(C) and (D), Houschold Ranges and Cooking Appliances and Other Loads
(2) 240.5(B) (2), Fixture Wirc
(3) 240.21, Location in Circuit
(4) 368.17(B), Reduction in Ampacity Size of Busway
(5) 368.17(C), Feeder or Branch Circuits (busway taps)
(6) 430.53(D), Single Motor Taps
(F) Transformer Secondary Conductors. Single-phase (other than 2-wirc) and multiphase (other than delta-delta, 3-wirc) transformer secondary conductors shall not be considered to be protected by the primary overcurrent protective device. Conductors supplied by the secondary side of a single-phase transformer having a 2-wire (single-voltage) secondary, or a three-phase, delta-delta connected transformer having a 3-wire (single-voltage) secondary, shall be permitted to be protected by overcurrent protection provided on the primary (supply) side of the transformer, provided this protection is in accord- ance with 450.3 and does not exceed the value determined by multiplying the secondary conductor ampacity by the secondary-to-primary transformer voltage ratio.
(G) Overcurrent Protection for Specific Conductor Applica- tions. Overcurrent protection for the specific conductors shall be permitted to be provided as referenced in Table 240.4(G).
(H) Dwelling Unit Service and Feeder Conductors. Dwelling unit service and feeder conductors shall be permitted to be protected against overcurrent at the ampacity values in 310.12.
240.5 Protection of Flexible Cords, Flexible Cables, and Fixture Wires. Flexible cord and flexible cable, including tinsel cord and extension cords, and fixture wires shall be protected against overcurrent by either 240.5(A) or (B).
(A) Ampacities. Flexible cord and flexible cable shall be protected by an overcurrent device in accordance with their ampacity as specified in Table 400.5(A) (1) and Table 400.5(A) (2). Fixture wire shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with its ampacity as specified in Table 402.5. Supplementary overcurrent protection, as covered in 240.10, shall be permitted to be an acceptable means for providing this protection.
(B) Branch-Circuit Overcurrent Device. Flexible cord shall be protected, where supplied by a branch circuit, in accordance with one of the methods described in 240.5(B) (1), (B) (3), or (B)(4). Fixture wire shall be protected, where supplied by a branch circuit, in accordance with 240.5(B) (2).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-123
240.5
ARTICLE 240 -OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
Table 240.4(G) Specific Conductor Applications
Conductor
Article
Section
Air-conditioning and
440, Parts III,
refrigeration
IV, VI
equipment circuit
conductors
Capacitor circuit conductors
460
460.8(B) and 460.25
Control and
335
335.9
instrumentation
circuit conductors (Type ITC)
Electric welder circuit conductors
630
630.12 and 630.32
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
60
70
80
90
100
110
125
150
175
200
225
250
300
350
400
450
500
600
700
800
1000
1200
1600
2000
2500
3000
4000
5000
6000
Motor-operated
422, Part II
appliance circuit conductors
Motor and motor-
430, Parts II, III, IV, V, VI,
conductors
VII
455.7
Remote-control,
725
724.43, 724.45,
signaling, and power-
725.60, and
limited circuit
Chapter 9,
conductors
Tables 11 (A)
Secondary tie conductors
450
(1) Supply Cord of Listed Appliance or Luminaire. Where flexible cord or tinsel cord is approved for and used with a specific listed appliance or luminaire, it shall be considered to be protected when applied within the appliance or luminaire listing requirements. For the purposes of this section, a lumin- aire may be either portable or permanent.
(2) Fixture Wire. Fixture wire shall be permitted to be tapped to the branch-circuit conductor of a branch circuit in accord- ance with the following:
(1) 15- or 20-ampere circuits - 18 AWG, up to 15 m (50 ft) of run length
(2) 15- or 20-ampere circuits - 16 AWG, up to 30 m (100 ft) of run length
(3) 20-ampere circuits - 14 AWG and larger
(4) 30-ampere circuits - 14 AWG and larger
(5) 40-ampere circuits - 12 AWG and larger
(6) 50-ampere circuits - 12 AWG and larger
(3) Extension Cord Sets. Flexible cord used in listed extension cord sets shall be considered to be protected when applied within the extension cord listing requirements.
(4) Field Assembled Extension Cord Sets. Flexible cord used in extension cords made with separately listed and installed components shall be permitted to be supplied by a branch circuit in accordance with the following:
20-ampere circuits - 16 AWG and larger
240.6 Standard Ampere Ratings.
(A) Fuses and Fixed-Trip Circuit Breakers. The standard ampere ratings for fuses and inverse time circuit breakers shall be considered as shown in Table 240.6(A). Additional standard ampere ratings for fuses shall be 1, 3, 6, and 601. The use of fuses and inverse time circuit breakers with nonstandard ampere ratings shall be permitted.
Table 240.6(A) Standard Ampere Ratings for Fuses and Inverse Time Circuit Breakers
Standard Ampere Ratings
(B) Adjustable-Trip Circuit Breakers. The rating of adjustable- trip circuit breakers having external means for adjusting the current setting (long-time pickup setting), not mecting the requirements of 240.6(C), shall be the maximum setting pos.si- blc.
(C) Local Restricted Access Adjustable-Trip Circuit Breakers. A circuit breaker(s) that has restricted access to the adjusting means shall be permitted to have an ampere rating(s) that is cqual to the adjusted current setting (long-time pickup setting). Restricted access shall be achieved by one of the following methods:
(1) Located behind removable and scalable covers over the adjusting means
(2) Located behind bolted equipment enclosure doors
(3) Located behind locked doors accessible only to qualified personnel
(4) Password protected, with password accessible only to qualified personnel
Informnational Note: See NFPA 730, Guide for Premises Security, and ANSI/TIA-5017, Telecommunications Physical Network Security Standard, for information regarding physical security.
(D) Remotely Accessible Adjustable-Trip Circuit Breakers. A circuit breaker(s) that can be adjusted remotely to modify the adjusting means shall be permitted to have an ampere rating(s) that is equal to the adjusted current setting (long-time pickup setting). Remote access shall be achieved by one of the follow- ing methods:
(1) Connected directly through a local nonnetworked inter- facc.
(2) Connected through a networked interface complying with one of the following methods:
a. The circuit breaker and associated software for adjust- ing the settings are identified as being evaluated for cybersecurity.
b. A cybersecurity assessment of the network is comple- ted. Documentation of the assessment and certifica- tion shall be made available to those authorized to inspect, operate, and maintain the system.
70-124
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Fire alarm system circuit conductors
760
760.43, 760.45,
760.121, and Chapter 9, Tables 12(A)
and 12(B)
control circuit
Phase converter supply conductors
455
and 11(B) 450.6
240.21
ARTICLE 240 -OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/ISA 62443, Cybersecurity Standards series, UL. 2900 Cybersecurity Standard series, or the NIST Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity, Version 1.1 for assessment requirements.
Informational Note No. 2: Examples of the commissioning certification used to demonstrate the system has been investiga- ted for cybersecurity vulnerabilities could be one of the follow- ing:
(1) The ISA Security Compliance Institute (ISCI) conformity assessment program
(2) Certification of compliance by a nationally recognized test laboratory
(3) Manufacturer certification for the specific type and brand of system provided
Informational Note No. 3: Cybersecurity is a specialized field requiring constant, vigilant attention to security vulnerabilities that could arise due to software defects, system configuration changes, or user interactions. Installation of devices that can be secured is an important first step but not sufficient to guarantee a secure system.
240.7 Listing Requirements. The following shall be listed:
(1) Branch-circuit overcurrent protective devices
(2) Relays and circuit breakers providing ground-fault protec- tion of equipment
(3) Ground-fault circuit interrupter devices
240.8 Fuses or Circuit Breakers in Parallel. Fuses and circuit breakers shall be permitted to be connected in parallel where they are factory assembledin parallel and listed as a unit. Indi- vidual fuses, circuit breakers, or combinations thereof shall not otherwise be connected in parallel.
240.9 Thermal Devices. Thermal relays and other devices not designed to open short circuits or ground faults shall not be used for the protection of conductors against overcurrent duc to short circuits or ground faults, but the use of such devices shall be permitted to protect motor branch-circuit conductors from overload if protected in accordance with 430.40.
240.10 Supplementary Overcurrent Protection. Where supple- mentary overcurrent protection is used for luminaires, applian- ces, and other equipment or for internal circuits and components of equipment, it shall not be used as a substitute for required branch-circuit overcurrent devices or in place of the required branch-circuit protection. Supplementary over- current devices shall not be required to be readily accessible.
240.11 Selective Coordination. If one or more feeder overcur- rent protective devices are required to be selectively coordina- ted with a service overcurrent protective device by other requirements in this Code, all feeder overcurrent protective devices supplied directly by the service overcurrent protective device shall be selectively coordinated with the service overcur- rent protective device.
240.12 Orderly Shutdown. Where an orderly shutdown is required to minimize the hazard(s) to personnel or cquip- ment, a system of coordination based on the following two conditions shall be permitted:
(1) Coordinated short-circuit protection
(2) Overload indication based on monitoring systems or devi- ccs
Informational Note: The monitoring system may cause the condition to go to alarm, allowing corrective action or an
orderly shutdown, thereby minimizing personnel hazard and equipment damage.
240.13 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment. Ground-fault protection of equipment shall be provided in accordance with 230.95 for solidly grounded wye electrical systems of more than 150 volts to ground but not exceeding 1000 volts phase-to- phase for cach individual device used as a building or structure main disconnecting means rated 1000 amperes or more.
This section shall not apply to the disconnecting means for the following:
(1) Continuous industrial processes where a nonorderly shut- down will introduce additional or increased hazards
(2) Installations where ground-fault protection is provided by other requirements for services or feeders
(3) Fire pumps
240.15 Ungrounded Conductors.
(A) Overcurrent Device Required. A fuse or an overcurrent trip unit of a circuit breaker shall be connected in series with cach ungrounded conductor. A combination of a current trans- former and overcurrent relay shall be considered equivalent to an overcurrent trip unit.
Informational Note: See Parts III, IV, V, and XI of Article 430 for motor circuits.
(B) Circuit Breaker as Overcurrent Device. Circuit breakers shall open all ungrounded conductors of the circuit both manually and automatically unless otherwise permitted in 240.15(B)(1),(B)(2), (B)(3), and (B)(4).
(1) Multiwire Branch Circuits. Individual single-pole circuit breakers, with identified handle tics, shall be permitted as the protection for cach ungrounded conductor of multiwire branch circuits that serve only single-phase line-to-neutral loads.
(2) Grounded Single-Phase Alternating-Current Circuits. In grounded systems, individual single-pole circuit breakers rated 120/240 volts ac, with identified handle tics, shall be permitted as the protection for cach ungrounded conductor for line-to- line connected loads for single-phase circuits.
(3) 3-Phase and 2-Phase Systems. For linc-to-line loads in 4- wirc, 3-phase systems or 5-wire, 2-phase systems, individual single-pole circuit breakers rated 120/240 volts ac with identi- ficd handle tics shall be permitted as the protection for cach ungrounded conductor, if the systems have a grounded neutral point and the voltage to ground does not exceed 120 volts.
(4) 3-Wire Direct-Current Circuits. Individual single-polc circuit breakers rated 125/250 volts dc with identified handle tics shall be permitted as the protection for cach ungrounded conductor for line-to-line connected loads for 3-wire, direct- current circuits supplied from a system with a grounded neutral where the voltage to ground does not exceed 125 volts.
240.16 Interrupting Ratings. Branch-circuit overcurrent protective devices shall have an interrupting rating no less than 5000 amperes.
Part II. Location
240.21 Location in Circuit. Overcurrent protection shall be provided in cach ungrounded circuit conductor and shall be
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-125
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
240.21
ARTICLE 240 - OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
located at the point where the conductors receive their supply except as specified in 240.21 (A) through (H). Conductors supplied under 240.21(A) through (H) shall not supply another conductor except through an overcurrent protective device meeting the requirements of 240.4.
(A) Branch-Circuit Conductors. Branch-circuit tap conductors meeting the requirements specified in 210.19 shall be permit- ted to have overcurrent protection as specified in 210.20.
(B) Feeder Taps. Conductors shall be permitted to be tapped, without overcurrent protection at the tap, to a feeder as speci- ficd in 240.21(B)(1) through (B) (5). The tap shall be permit- ted at any point on the load side of the feeder overcurrent protective device. Section 240.4(B) shall not be permitted for tap conductors.
(1) Taps Not over 3 m (10 ft) Long. If the length of the tap conductors does not exceed 3 m (10 ft) and the tap conductors comply with all of the following:
(1) The ampacity of the tap conductors is as follows:
a. Not less than the combined calculated loads on the circuits supplied by the tap conductors
b. Not less than the rating of the equipment containing an overcurrent device(s) supplied by the tap conduc- tors or not less than the rating of the overcurrent protective device at the termination of the tap conductors
Exception to b: Where listed equipment, such as a surge-protective device(s) [SPD(s)], is provided with specific instructions on mini- mum conductor sizing, the ampacity of the tap conductors supply- ing that equipment shall be permitted to be determined based on the manufacturer's instructions.
(2) The tap conductors do not extend beyond the switch- board, switchgear, panelboard, disconnecting means, or control devices they supply.
(3) Except at the point of connection to the feeder, the tap conductors are enclosed in a raceway, which extends from the tap to the enclosure of an enclosed switchboard, switchgear, a panelboard, or control devices, or to the back of an open switchboard.
(4) For field installations, if the tap conductors leave the enclosure or vault in which the tap is made, the ampacity of the tap conductors is not less than one-tenth of the rating of the overcurrent device protecting the feeder conductors.
Informational Note: See 408.36 for overcurrent protection requirements for panelboards.
(2) Taps Not over 7.5 m (25 ft) Long. Where the length of the tap conductors does not exceed 7.5 m (25 ft) and the tap conductors comply with all the following:
(1) The ampacity of the tap conductors is not less than one- third of the rating of the overcurrent device protecting the feeder conductors.
(2) The tap conductors terminate in a single circuit breaker or a single set of fuses that limit the load to the ampacity of the tap conductors. This device shall be permitted to supply any number of additional overcurrent devices on its load sidc.
(3) The tap conductors are protected from physical damage by being enclosed in an approved raceway or by other approved means.
(3) Taps Supplying a Transformer [Primary Plus Secondary Not over 7.5 m (25 ft) Long]. Where the tap conductors supply a transformer and comply with all the following conditions:
(1) The conductors supplying the primary of a transformer have an ampacity at least one-third the rating of the over- current device protecting the feeder conductors.
(2) The conductors supplied by the secondary of the trans- former shall have an ampacity that is not less than the value of the primary-to-secondary voltage ratio multiplied by one-third of the rating of the overcurrent device protecting the feeder conductors.
(3) The total length of one primary plus one secondary conductor, excluding any portion of the primary conduc- tor that is protected at its ampacity, is not over 7.5 m (25 ft).
(4) The primary and secondary conductors are protected from physical damage by being enclosed in an approved raceway or by other approved means.
(5) The secondary conductors terminate in a single circuit breaker or set of fuses that limit the load current to not more than the conductor ampacity that is permitted by 310.14.
(4) Taps over 7.5 m (25 ft) Long. Where the feeder is in a high bay manufacturing building over 11 m (35 ft) high at walls and the installation complies with all the following conditions:
(1) Conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the systems.
(2) The tap conductors are not over 7.5 m (25 ft) long hori- zontally and not over 30 m (100 ft) total length.
(3) The ampacity of the tap conductors is not less than one- third the rating of the overcurrent device protecting the feeder conductors.
(4) The tap conductors terminate at a single circuit breaker or a single set of fuses that limit the load to the ampacity of the tap conductors. This single overcurrent device shall be permitted to supply any number of additional overcur- rent devices on its load side.
(5) The tap conductors are protected from physical damage by being enclosed in an approved raceway or by other approved means.
(6) The tap conductors are continuous from end-to-end and contain no splices.
(7) The tap conductors are sized 6 AWG copper or 4 AWG aluminum or larger.
(8) The tap conductors do not penetrate walls, floors, or ceil- ings.
(9) The tap is made no less than 9 m (30 ft) from the floor.
(5) Outside Taps of Unlimited Length. Where the conductors are located outside of a building or structure, except at the point of load termination, and comply with all of the following conditions:
(1) The tap conductors are protected from physical damage in an approved manner.
(2) The tap conductors terminate at a single circuit breaker or a single set of fuses that limits the load to the ampacity of the tap conductors. This single overcurrent device shall be permitted to supply any number of additional overcur- rent devices on its load side.
(3) The overcurrent device for the tap conductors is an inte- gral part of a disconnecting means or shall be located immediately adjacent thereto.
70-126
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
240.21
ARTICLE 240 -OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
(4) The disconnecting means for the tap conductors is installed at a readily accessible location complying with one of the following:
a. Outside of a building or structure
b. Inside, nearest the point of entrance of the tap conductors
c. Where installed in accordance with 230.6, ncarest the point of entrance of the tap conductors
(C) Transformer Secondary Conductors. A set of conductors feeding a single load, or cach set of conductors feeding sepa- rate loads, shall be permitted to be connected to a transformer secondary, without overcurrent protection at the secondary, as specified in 240.21(C) (1) through (C) (6). Section 240.4(B) shall not be permitted for transformer secondary conductors.
Informational Note: See 450.3 for overcurrent protection requirements for transformers.
(1) Protection by Primary Overcurrent Device. Conductors supplied by the secondary side of a single-phase transformer having a 2-wirc (single-voltage) secondary, or a three-phase, delta-delta connected transformer having a 3-wirc (single- voltage) secondary, shall be permitted to be protected by over- current protection provided on the primary (supply) side of the transformer, provided this protection is in accordance with 450.3 and does not exceed the value determined by multiplying the secondary conductor ampacity by the secondary-to-primary transformer voltage ratio.
Single-phase (other than 2-wire) and multiphase (other than delta-delta, 3-wire) transformer secondary conductors are not considered to be protected by the primary overcurrent protec- tive device.
(2) Transformer Secondary Conductors Not over 3 m (10-ft) Long. If the length of secondary conductor does not exceed 3 m (10 ft) and complics with all of the following:
(1) The ampacity of the secondary conductors is as follows:
a. Not less than the combined calculated loads on the circuits supplied by the secondary conductors
b. Not less than the rating of the equipment containing an overcurrent device(s) supplied by the secondary conductors or not less than the rating of the overcur- rent protective device at the termination of the sccon- dary conductors
Exception: Where listed equipment, such as a surge protective device(s) [SPD(s)], is provided with specific instructions on mini- mum conductor sizing, the ampacity of the tap conductors supply- ing that equipment shall be permitted to be determined based on the manufacturer's instructions.
(2) The secondary conductors do not extend beyond the switchboard, switchgear, panelboard, disconnecting means, or control devices they supply.
(3) The secondary conductors are enclosed in a raceway, which shall extend from the transformer to the enclosure of an enclosed switchboard, switchgear, a panelboard, or control devices or to the back of an open switchboard.
(4) For field installations where the secondary conductors leave the enclosure or vault in which the supply connec- tion is made, the secondary conductors shall have an ampacity that is not less than the value of the primary-to- secondary voltage ratio multiplied by one-tenth of the
rating of the overcurrent device protecting the primary of the transformer.
Informational Note: See 408.36 for overcurrent protection requirements for panelboards.
(3) Industrial Installation Secondary Conductors Not over 7.5 m (25 ft) Long. For the supply of switchgear or switch- boards in industrial installations only, where the length of the secondary conductors does not exceed 7.5 m (25 ft) and complies with all of the following:
(1) Conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the systems.
(2) The ampacity of the secondary conductors is not less than the secondary current rating of the transformer, and the sum of the ratings of the overcurrent devices does not exceed the ampacity of the secondary conductors.
(3) All overcurrent devices are grouped.
(4) The secondary conductors are protected from physical damage by being enclosed in an approved raceway or by other approved means.
(4) Outside Secondary Conductors. Where the conductors arc located outside of a building or structure, except at the point of load termination, and comply with all of the following condi- tions:
(1) The conductors are protected from physical damage in an approved manner.
(2) The conductors terminate at a single circuit breaker or a single set of fuses that limit the load to the ampacity of the conductors. This single overcurrent device shall be permitted to supply any number of additional overcur- rent devices on its load side.
(3) The overcurrent device for the conductors is an integral part of a disconnecting means or shall be located immedi- ately adjacent thereto.
(4) The disconnecting means for the conductors is installed at a readily accessible location complying with one of the following:
a. Outside of a building or structure
b. Inside, nearest the point of entrance of the conduc- tors
c. Where installed in accordance with 230.6, nearest the point of entrance of the conductors
(5) Secondary Conductors from a Feeder Tapped Trans- former. Transformer secondary conductors installed in accord- ance with 240.21 (B) (3) shall be permitted to have overcurrent protection as specified in that section.
(6) Secondary Conductors Not over 7.5 m (25 ft) Long. Where the length of secondary conductor does not exceed 7.5 m (25 ft) and complics with all of the following:
(1) The secondary conductors shall have an ampacity that is not less than the value of the primary-to-secondary volt- age ratio multiplied by one-third of the rating of the over- current device protecting the primary of the transformer.
(2) The secondary conductors terminate in a single circuit breaker or set of fuses that limit the load current to not more than the conductor ampacity that is permitted by 310.14.
(3) The secondary conductors are protected from physical damage by being enclosed in an approved raceway or by other approved means.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-127
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
240.21
ARTICLE 240 - OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
(D) Service Conductors. Service conductors shall be permit- ted to be protected by overcurrent devices in accordance with 230.91.
(E) Busway Taps. Busways and busway taps shall be permitted to be protected against overcurrent in accordance with 368.17.
(F) Motor Circuit Taps. Motor-feeder and branch-circuit conductors shall be permitted to be protected against overcur- rent in accordance with 430.28 and 430.53, respectively.
(G) Conductors from Generator Terminals. Conductors from generator terminals that meet the size requirement in 445.13 shall be permitted to be protected against overload by the generator overload protective device(s) required by 445.12.
(H) Battery Conductors. Overcurrent protection shall be permitted to be installed as close as practicable to the storage battery terminals in an unclassified location. Installation of the overcurrent protection within a hazardous (classified) location shall also be permitted.
240.22 Grounded Conductor. No overcurrent device shall be connected in series with any conductor that is intentionally grounded, unless one of the following two conditions is met:
(1) The overcurrent device opens all conductors of the circuit, including the grounded conductor, and is (lesigned] so that no pole can operate independently.
(2) Where required by 430.36 or 430.37 for motor overload protection.
240.24 Location in or on Premises.
(A) Accessibility. Circuit breakers and switches containing fuses shall be readily accessible and installed so that the center of the grip of the operating handle of the switch or circuit breaker, when in its highest position, is not more than 2.0 m (6 ft 7 in.) above the floor or working platform, unless one of the following applies:
(1) For busways, as provided in 368.17(C).
(2) For supplementary overcurrent protection, as described in 240.10.
(3) For overcurrent protective devices, as described in 225.40 and 230.92.
(4) For overcurrent protective devices adjacent to utilization equipment that they supply, access shall be permitted to be by portable means.
Exception: The use of a tool shall be permitted to access overcurrent protective devices located within listed industrial control panels, within enclosures designed for hazardous (classified) locations or enclosures to protect against environmental conditions. An enclosure within the scope of this exception, and all overcurrent protective device(s) within such enclosures as judged with the enclosure open, shall comply with the accessibility provisions of 240.24(A).
(B) Occupancy. Each occupant shall have ready access to all overcurrent devices protecting the conductors supplying that occupancy, unless otherwise permitted in 240.24(B) (1) and (B)(2).
(1) Service and Feeder Overcurrent Protective Devices. Where electric service and electrical maintenance are provided by the building management and where these are under continuous building management supervision, the service over- current protective devices and feeder overcurrent protective devices supplying more than one occupancy shall be permitted
to be accessible only to authorized management personnel in the following:
(1) Multiple-occupancy buildings
(2) Guest rooms or guest suites
(2) Branch-Circuit Overcurrent Protective Devices. Where electric service and electrical maintenance are provided by the building management and where these are under continuous building management supervision, the branch-circuit overcur- rent protective devices supplying any guest rooms, guest suites, or sleeping rooms in dormitory units without permanent provi- sions for cooking shall be permitted to be accessible only to authorized management personnel.
(C) Not Exposed to Physical Damage. Overcurrent protective devices shall be located where they will not be exposed to physi- cal damage.
Informational Note: See 110.11 for information on deteriorat- ing agents that could cause physical damage.
(D) Not in Vicinity of Easily Ignitible Material. Overcurrent protective devices shall not be located in the vicinity of casily ignitible material, such as in clothes closets.
(E) Not Located in Bathrooms. Overcurrent protective devi- ces, other than supplementary overcurrent protection, shall not be located in bathrooms, showering facilities, or locker rooms with showering facilities.
(F) Not Located over Steps. Overcurrent protective devices shall not be located over steps of a stairway.
Part III. Enclosures
240.30 General.
(A) Protection from Physical Damage. Overcurrent devices shall be protected from physical damage by one of the follow- ing:
(1) Installation in enclosures, cabinets, cutout boxes, or equipment assemblies
(2) Mounting on open-type switchboards, panelboards, or control boards that are in rooms or enclosures free from clampness and casily ignitible material and are accessible only to qualified personnel
(B) Operating Handle. The operating handle of a circuit breaker shall be permitted to be accessible without opening a door or cover.
240.32 Damp or Wet Locations. Enclosures for overcurrent devices in damp or wet locations shall comply with 312.2.
240.33 Vertical Position. Enclosures for overcurrent devices shall be mounted in a vertical position. Circuit breaker enclo- sures shall be permitted to be installed horizontally where the circuit breaker is installed in accordance with 240.81. Listed busway plug-in units shall be permitted to be mounted in orien- tations corresponding to the busway mounting position.
Part IV. Disconnecting and Guarding
240.40 Disconnecting Means for Fuses. Cartridge fuses in circuits of any voltage, and all fuses in circuits over 150 volts to ground, shall be provided with a disconnecting means on their supply side so that cach circuit containing fuses can be inde-
70-128
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
240.61
ARTICLE 240 - OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
pendently disconnected from the source of power. A cable limiter without a disconnecting means shall be permitted on the supply side of the service disconnecting means as permitted by 230.82. A single disconnecting means shall be permitted on the supply side of more than one set of fuses as permitted by 430.112, Exception, for group operation of motors, 424.22(C) for fixed electric space-heating equipment, and 425.22(C) for fixed resistance and electrode industrial process heating equip- ment, or where specifically permitted elsewhere in this Code.
240.41 Arcing or Suddenly Moving Parts. Arcing or suddenly moving parts shall comply with 240.41 (A) and (B).
(A) Location. Fuses and circuit breakers shall be located or shielded so that persons will not be burned or otherwise injured by their operation.
(B) Suddenly Moving Parts. Handles or levers of circuit break- crs, and similar parts that may move suddenly in such a way that persons in the vicinity are likely to be injured by being struck by them, shall be guarded or isolated.
Part V. Plug Fuses, Fuseholders, and Adapters
240.50 General.
(A) Maximum Voltage. Plug fuses shall be permitted to be used in the following circuits:
(1) Circuits not exceeding 125 volts between conductors
(2) Circuits supplied by a system having a grounded neutral point where the line-to-neutral voltage does not exceed 150 volts
(B) Marking. Each fusc, fuscholder, and adapter shall be marked with its ampere rating.
(C) Hexagonal Configuration. Plug fuscs of 15-ampere and lower rating shall be identified by a hexagonal configuration of the window, cap, or other prominent part to distinguish them from fuses of higher ampere ratings.
(D) No Energized Parts. Plug fuses, fuscholders, and adapters shall have no exposed energized parts after fuses or fuses and adapters have been installed.
(E) Screw Shell. The screw shell of a plug-type fuscholder shall be connected to the load side of the circuit.
240.51 Edison-Base Fuses.
(A) Classification. Plug fuses of the Edison-base type shall be classified at not over 125 volts and 30 amperes and below.
(B) Replacement Only. Plug fuses of the Edison-base type shall be used only for replacements in existing installations where there is no evidence of overfusing or tampering.
240.52 Edison-Base Fuseholders. Fuscholders of the Edison- basc type shall be installed only where they are made to accept Type S fuses by the use of adapters.
240.53 Type S Fuses. Type S fuses shall be of the plug type and shall comply with 240.53(A) and (B).
(A) Classification. Type S fuses shall be classified at not over 125 volts and 0 to 15 amperes, 16 to 20 amperes, and 21 to 30 amperes.
(B) Noninterchangeable. Type S fuses of an ampere classifica- tion as specified in 240.53(A) shall not be interchangeable with
a lower ampere classification. They shall be designed so that they cannot be used in any fuscholder other than a Type S fuse- holder or a fuscholder with a Type S adapter inserted.
240.54 Type S Fuses, Adapters, and Fuseholders.
(A) To Fit Edison-Base Fuseholders. Typc S adapters shall fit Edison-base fu.scholders.
(B) To Fit Type S Fuses Only. Type S fuscholders and adapters shall be designed so that either the fuscholder itself or the fuse- holder with a Type S adapter inserted cannot be used for any fuse other than a Type S fusc.
(C) Nonremovable. Type S adapters shall be designed so that once inserted in a fuscholder, they cannot be removed.
(D) Nontamperable. Type S fuses, fuscholders, and adapters shall be designed so that tampering or shunting (bridging) would be difficult.
(E) Interchangeability. Dimensions of Type S fuses, fuschold- crs, and adapters shall be standardized to permit interchangea- bility regardless of the manufacturer.
Part VI. Cartridge Fuses and Fuseholders 240.60 General.
(A) Maximum Voltage - 300-Volt Type. Cartridge fuses and fuscholders of the 300-volt type shall be permitted to be used in the following circuits:
(1) Circuits not exceeding 300 volts between conductors
(2) Single-phase line-to-neutral circuits supplied from a 3-phase, 4-wirc, solidly grounded neutral source where the line-to-neutral voltage does not exceed 300 volts
(B) Noninterchangeable - 0-6000-Ampere Cartridge Fuse- holders. Fuscholders shall be designed so that it will be diffi- cult to put a fu.se of any given class into a fuscholder that is designed for a current lower, or voltage higher, than that of the class to which the fuse belongs. Fuscholders for current- limiting fu.ses shall not permit insertion of fuses that are not current-limiting.
(C) Marking. Fuses shall be plainly marked, cither by printing on the fuse barrel or by a label attached to the barrel showing the following:
(1) Ampere rating
(2) Voltage rating
(3) Interrupting rating where other than 10,000 amperes
(4) Current limiting where applicable
(5) The name or trademark of the manufacturer
The interrupting rating shall not be required to be marked on fuses used for supplementary protection.
(D) Renewable Fuses. Class HI cartridge fuses of the renewable type shall be permitted to be used only for replacement in existing installations where there is no evidence of overfusing or tampering.
(E) Fuse Reducers. Fuse reducers shall be listed.
240.61 Classification. Cartridge fuses and fuscholders shall be classified according to voltage and amperage ranges. Fuses rated 1000 volts, nominal, or less shall be permitted to be used for voltages at or below their ratings.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-129
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
240.67
ARTICLE 240 -OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
240.67 Arc Energy Reduction. Where fuses rated 1200 amperes or higher are installed, 240.67(A), (B), and (C) shall apply.
(A) Documentation. Documentation shall be available to those authorized to design, install, operate, or inspect the installation as to the location of the fuses.
Documentation shall also be provided to demonstrate that the method chosen to reduce clearing time is set to operate at a valuc below the available arcing current.
(B) Method to Reduce Clearing Time. A fuse shall have a clearing time of 0.07 seconds or less at the available arcing current, or one of the following means shall be provided and shall be set to operate at less than the available arcing current:
(1) Differential relaying
(2) Energy-reducing maintenance switching with local status indicator
(3) Energy-reducing active arc-flash mitigation system
(4) Current-limiting, electronically actuated fuses
(5) An approved equivalent means
Informational Note No. 1: An energy-reducing maintenance switch allows a worker to set a disconnect switch to reduce the clearing time while the worker is working within an arc-flash boundary as defined in NFPA 70F-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, and then to set the disconnect switch back to a normal setting after the potentially hazardous work is complete.
Informational Note No. 2: An energy-reducing active arc-flash mitigation system helps in reducing arcing duration in the elec- trical distribution system. No change in the disconnect switch or the settings of other devices is required during maintenance when a worker is working within an arc-flash boundary as defined in NFPA 70F-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Work- place.
Informational Note No. 3: IEEE 1584-2018, IEEE Guide for Performing Arc Flash Hazard Calculations, provides guidance in determining arcing current.
(C) Performance Testing. The arc energy reduction protec- tion system shall be performance tested by primary current injection testing or another approved method when first instal- led on site. This testing shall be conducted by a qualified person(s) in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
A written record of this testing shall be made and shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction.
Informational Note: Some energy reduction protection systems cannot be tested using a test process of primary current injec- tion due to either the protection method being damaged such as with the use of fuse technology or because current is not the primary method of arc detection.
Part VII. Circuit Breakers
240.80 Method of Operation. Circuit breakers shall be trip free and capable of being closed and opened by manual opera- tion. Their normal method of operation by other than manual means, such as electrical or pneumatic, shall be permitted if means for manual operation are also provided.
240.81 Indicating. Circuit breakers shall clearly indicate whether they are in the open "off" or closed "on" position.
Where circuit breaker handles are operated vertically rather than rotationally or horizontally, the "up" position of the handle shall be the "on" position.
240.82 Nontamperable. A circuit breaker shall be of such design that any alteration of its trip point (calibration) or the time required for its operation requires dismantling of the device or breaking of a scal for other than intended adjust- ments.
240.83 Marking.
(A) Durable and Visible. Circuit breakers shall be marked with their ampere rating in a manner that will be durable and visible after installation. Such marking shall be permitted to be made visible by removal of a trim or cover.
(B) Location. Circuit breakers rated at 100 amperes or less and 1000 volts or less shall have the ampere rating molded, stamped, ctched, or similarly marked into their handles or cscutchcon arca.s.
(C) Interrupting Rating. Every circuit breaker having an inter- rupting rating other than 5000 amperes shall have its interrupt- ing rating shown on the circuit breaker. The interrupting rating shall not be required to be marked on circuit breakers used for supplementary protection.
(D) Used as Switches. Circuit breakers used as switches in 120-volt and 277-volt fluorescent lighting circuits shall be listed and shall be marked SWD or HID. Circuit breakers used as switches in high-intensity discharge lighting circuits shall be listed and shall be marked as HID.
(E) Voltage Marking. Circuit breakers shall be marked with a voltage rating not less than the nominal system voltage that is indicative of their capability to interrupt fault currents between phases or phase to ground.
240.85 Applications. A circuit breaker with a straight voltage rating, such as 240V or 480V, shall be permitted to be applied in a circuit in which the nominal voltage between any two conductors does not exceed the circuit breaker's voltage rating. A two-pole circuit breaker shall not be used for protecting a 3-phase, corner-grounded delta circuit unless the circuit breaker is marked lo-30 to indicate such suitability.
A circuit breaker with a slash rating, such as 120/240V or 480Y/277V, shall be permitted to be applied in a solidly groun- ded circuit where the nominal voltage of any conductor to ground does not exceed the lower of the two values of the circuit breaker's voltage rating and the nominal voltage between any two conductors does not exceed the higher valuc of the circuit breaker's voltage rating.
Informational Note: Proper application of molded case circuit breakers on 3-phase systems, other than solidly grounded wye, particularly on corner grounded delta systems, considers the circuit breakers' individual pole-interrupting capability.
240.86 Series Ratings. Where a circuit breaker is used on a circuit having an available fault current higher than the marked interrupting rating by being connected on the load side of an approved overcurrent protective device having a higher rating, the circuit breaker shall meet the requirements specified in 240.86(A) or (B), and (C).
(A) Selected Under Engineering Supervision in Existing Instal- lations. The series rated combination devices shall be selected by a licensed professional engineer engaged primarily in the
70-130
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 240 -OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
240.91
design or maintenance of electrical installations. The selection shall be documented and stamped by the professional engi- necr. This documentation shall be available to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, and operate the system. This series combination rating, including identification of the upstream device, shall be field marked on the end use equip- ment.
For calculated applications, the engineer shall ensure that the downstream circuit breaker(s) that are part of the series combination remain passive during the interruption period of the line side fully rated, current-limiting device.
Informational Note: See 110.22 for marking of series combina- tion systems.
(B) Tested Combinations. The combination of line-side over- current device and load-side circuit breaker(s) is tested and marked on the end use equipment, such as switchboards and panelboards.
Informational Note: See 110.22 for marking of series combina- tion systems.
(C) Motor Contribution. Series ratings shall not be used in the following situations:
(1) Where motor circuits are connected between the higher- rated overcurrent device of a series-rated combination and on the lower-rated circuit breaker
(2) Where the sum of these motor full-load currents exceeds 1 percent of the interrupting rating of the lower-rated circuit breaker
240.87 Arc Energy Reduction. Where the highest continuous current trip setting for which the actual overcurrent device installed in a circuit breaker is rated or can be adjusted is 1200 amperes or higher, 240.87(A), (B), and (C) shall apply.
(A) Documentation. Documentation shall be available to those authorized to design, install, operate, or inspect the installation as to the location of the circuit breaker(s). Documentation shall also be provided to demonstrate that the method chosen to reduce clearing time is set to operate at a value below the available arcing current.
(B) Method to Reduce Clearing Time. One of the following means shall be provided and shall be set to operate at less than the available arcing current:
(1) Zone-selective interlocking
(2) Differential relaying
(3) Energy-reducing maintenance switching with local status indicator
(4) Energy-reducing active arc flash mitigation system
(5) An instantancous trip setting. Temporary adjustment of the instantaneous trip setting to achieve arc energy reduc- tion shall not be permitted.
(6) An instantancous override
(7) An approved equivalent means
Informational Note No. 1: An energy-reducing maintenance switch allows a worker to set a circuit breaker trip unit to "no intentional delay" to reduce the clearing time while the worker is working within an arc-flash boundary as defined in NFPA 70E :- 2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, and then to set the trip unit back to a nonnal setting after the poten- tially hazardous work is complete.
Informational Note No. 2: An energy-reducing active arc-flash mitigation system helps in reducing arcing duration in the elec-
trical distribution system. No change in the circuit breaker or the settings of other devices is required during maintenance when a worker is working within an arc-flash boundary as defined in NIPA 70E-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Work- place.
Informational Note No. 3: An instantaneous trip is a function that causes a circuit breaker to trip with no intentional delay when currents exceed the instantaneous trip setting or current level. If arcing currents are above the instantaneous trip level, the circuit breaker will trip in the minimum possible time.
Informational Note No. 4: See IEEE 1584-2018, IEEE Guide for Performing Arr Flash Hazard Calculations, for guidance in deter- mining arcing current.
(C) Performance Testing. The arc energy reduction protec- tion system shall be performance tested by primary current injection testing or another approved method when first instal- led on site. This testing shall be conducted by a qualified person(s) in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
A written record of this testing shall be made and shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction.
Informational Note: Some energy reduction protection systems cannot be tested using a test process of primary current injec- tion due to, either the protection method being damaged such as with the use of fuse technology or because current is not the primary method of arc detection.
240.89 Replacement Trip Units. Replacement trip units shall be listed for use with the circuit breaker type in which it is installed.
Informational Note: The replacement trip unit can be a listed unit identical to the original or a different trip unit listed for use with the specific circuit breaker.
Part VIII. Supervised Industrial Installations
240.90 General. Overcurrent protection in arcas of supervised industrial installations shall comply with all of the other appli- cable provisions of this article, except as provided in Part VIII. Part VIII shall be permitted to apply only to those portions of the electrical system in the supervised industrial installation used exclusively for manufacturing or process control activities.
240.91 Protection of Conductors. Conductors shall be protec- ted in accordance with 240.91 (A) or 240.91 (B).
(A) General. Conductors shall be protected in accordance with 240.4.
(B) Devices Rated Over 800 Amperes. Where the overcurrent device is rated over 800 amperes, the ampacity of the conduc- tors it protects shall be equal to or greater than 95 percent of the rating of the overcurrent device in accordance with the following:
(1) The conductors are protected within recognized time vs. current limits for short-circuit currents
Informational Note: Table 240.92(B) provides time vs. short- circuit current formulas to determine limits for copper and aluminum conductors.
(2) All equipment in which the conductors terminate is listed and marked for the application.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-131
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
240.92
ARTICLE 240 - OVERCURRENT PROTECTION
240.92 Location in Circuit. An overcurrent device shall be connected in cach ungrounded circuit conductor as required in 240.92(A) through (E).
(A) Feeder and Branch-Circuit Conductors. Feeder and branch-circuit conductors shall be protected at the point the conductors receive their supply as permitted in 240.21 or as otherwise permitted in 240.92(B), (C), (D), or (E).
(B) Feeder Taps. For feeder taps specified in 240.21(B) (2), (B)(3), and (B)(4), the tap conductors shall be permitted to be sized in accordance with Table 240.92(B).
(C) Transformer Secondary Conductors of Separately Derived Systems. Conductors shall be permitted to be connected to a transformer secondary of a separately derived system, without overcurrent protection at the connection, where the conditions of 240.92(C) (1), (C) (2), and (C) (3) arc met.
(1) Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protection. The conduc- tors shall be protected from short-circuit and ground-fault conditions by complying with one of the following conditions:
(1) The length of the secondary conductors does not exceed 30 m (100 ft), and the transformer primary overcurrent device has a rating or setting that does not exceed 150 percent of the value determined by multiplying the secondary conductor ampacity by the secondary-to- primary transformer voltage ratio.
Table 240.92(B) Tap Conductor Short-Circuit Current Ratings
Tap conductors are considered to be protected under short-circuit conditions when their short-circuit temperature limit is not exceeded. Conductor heating under short-circuit conditions is determined by (1) or (2):
(1) Short-Circuit Formula for Copper Conductors (1/ A2)t = 0.0297 log10 [(T2 +234)/(7; + 234)]
(2) Short-Circuit Formula for Aluminum Conductors (1/A2)t = 0.0125 log10 [(T2 +228)/(T; +228)]
where:
I = short-circuit current in amperes A = conductor area in circular mils
t = time of short circuit in seconds (for times less than or equal to 10 seconds)
Ti = initial conductor temperature in degrees Celsius T2 = final conductor temperature in degrees Celsius
Copper conductor with paper, rubber, varnished cloth insulation, T2 = 200
Copper conductor with thermoplastic insulation, T2 = 150 Copper conductor with cross-linked polyethylene insulation, T2 = 250
Copper conductor with ethylene propylene rubber insulation, T2 = 250
Aluminum conductor with paper, rubber, varnished cloth insulation, T2 = 200
Aluminum conductor with thermoplastic insulation, T2 = 150 Aluminum conductor with cross-linked polyethylene insulation, T2 = 250
Aluminum conductor with ethylene propylene rubber insulation, T2 = 250
(2) The conductors are protected by a differential relay with a trip setting cqual to or less than the conductor ampac- ity.
Informational Note: A differential relay is connected to be sensi- tive only to short-circuit or fault currents within the protected zone and is nonnally set much lower than the conductor ampac- ity. The differential relay is connected to trip protective devices that de-energize the protected conductors if a short-circuit condition occurs.
(3) The conductors shall be considered to be protected if calculations, made under engineering supervision, deter- mine that the system overcurrent devices will protect the conductors within recognized time vs. current limits for all short-circuit and ground-fault conditions.
(2) Overload Protection. The conductors shall be protected against overload conditions by complying with one of the following:
(1) The conductors terminate in a single overcurrent device that will limit the load to the conductor ampacity.
(2) The sum of the overcurrent devices at the conductor termination limits the load to the conductor ampacity. The overcurrent devices shall consist of not more than six circuit breakers or sets of fuses mounted in a single enclo- sure, in a group of separate enclosures, or in or on a switchboard or switchgear. There shall be no more than six overcurrent devices grouped in any one location.
(3) Overcurrent relaying is connected [with a current trans- former(s), if needed] to sense all of the secondary conductor current and limit the load to the conductor ampacity by opening upstream or downstream devices.
(4) Conductors shall be considered to be protected if calcula- tions, made under engineering supervision, determine that the system overcurrent devices will protect the conductors from overload conditions.
(3) Physical Protection. The secondary conductors are protec- ted from physical damage by being enclosed in an approved raceway or by other approved means.
(D) Outside Feeder Taps. Outside conductors shall be permit- ted to be tapped to a feeder or to be connected at a trans- former secondary, without overcurrent protection at the tap or connection, where all the following conditions are met:
(1) The conductors are protected from physical damage in an approved manner.
(2) The sum of the overcurrent devices at the conductor termination limits the load to the conductor ampacity. The overcurrent devices shall consist of not more than six circuit breakers or sets of fuses mounted in a single enclo- surc, in a group of separate enclosures, or in or on a switchboard or switchgear. There shall be no more than six overcurrent devices grouped in any one location.
(3) The tap conductors are installed outdoors of a building or structure except at the point of load termination.
(4) The overcurrent device for the conductors is an integral part of a disconnecting means or is located immediately adjacent thereto.
(5) The disconnecting means for the conductors are installed at a readily accessible location complying with one of the following:
a. Outside of a building or structure
b. Inside, nearest the point of entrance of the conduc- tors
70-132
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 242 - OVERVOLTAGE PROTECTION
242.22
c. Where installed in accordance with 230.6, ncarest the point of entrance of the conductors
(E) Protection by Primary Overcurrent Device. Conductors supplied by the secondary side of a transformer shall be permit- ted to be protected by overcurrent protection provided on the primary (supply) side of the transformer, provided the primary device time-current protection characteristic, multiplied by the maximum effective primary-to-secondary transformer voltage ratio, effectively protects the secondary conductors.
ARTICLE 242 Overvoltage Protection
Part I. General
242.1 Scope. This article provides the general requirements, installation requirements, and connection requirements for overvoltage protection and overvoltage protective devices. Part II covers surge-protective devices (SPDs) permanently installed on premises wiring systems of not more than 1000 volts, nominal, while Part III covers surge arresters perma- nently installed on premises wiring systems over 1000 volts, nominal.
242.2 Reconditioned Equipment. SPDs and surge arresters shall not be reconditioned.
242.3 Other Articles. Equipment shall be protected against overvoltage in accordance with the article in this Code that covers the type of equipment or location specified in Table 242.3.
Part II. Surge-Protective Devices (SPDs), 1000 Volts or Less 242.6 Listing. An SPD shall be a listed device.
Table 242.3 Other Articles
Equipment
Article
Class I locations
501
Class II locations
502
Community antenna television and radio
820
distribution systems
Critical operations power systems
708
Elevators, dumbwaiters, escalators, moving walks, platform lifts, and stairway chairlifts
620
Emergency systems
700
Equipment over 1000 volts, nominal
495
Fire pumps
695
Industrial machinery
670
Information technology equipment
645
Modular data centers
646
Outdoor overhead conductors over 1000 volts
395
Radio and television equipment
810
Receptacles, cord connectors, and
406
attachment plugs (caps)
Wind electric systems
694
242.8 Short-Circuit Current Rating. The SPD shall be marked with a short-circuit current rating and shall not be installed at a point on the system where the available fault current is in excess of that rating. This marking requirement shall not apply to receptacles.
242.9 Indicating. An SPD shall provide indication that it is functioning properly.
242.12 Uses Not Permitted. An SPD device shall not be installed in the following:
(1) Circuits over 1000 volts
(2) On ungrounded systems, impedance grounded systems, or corner grounded delta systems unless listed specifically for use on these systems
(3) Where the rating of the SPD is less than the maximum continuous phase-to-ground voltage at the power frequency available at the point of application
242.13 Type 1 SPDs. Typc 1 SPDs shall be installed in accord- ance with 242.13(A) and .(B).
(A) Installation. Type 1 SPDs shall be permitted to be connec- ted in accordance with one of the following:
(1) To the supply side of the service disconnect as permitted in 230.82(4)
(2) As specified in 242.14
(B) At the Service. When installed at services, Type 1 SPDs shall be connected to one of the following:
(1) Grounded service conductor
(2) Grounding electrode conductor
(3) Grounding electrode for the service
(4) Equipment grounding terminal in the service equipment
242.14 Type 2 SPDs. Typc 2 SPDs shall be installed in accord- ance with 242.14(A) through (C).
(A) Service-Supplied Building or Structure. Typc 2 SPDs shall be connected anywhere on the load side of a service disconnect overcurrent device required in 230.91 unless installed in accordance with 230.82(8).
(B) Feeder-Supplied Building or Structure. Typc 2 SPDs shall be connected at the building or structure anywhere on the load side of the first overcurrent device at the building or structure.
(C) Separately Derived System. The SPD shall be connected on the load side of the first overcurrent device in a separately derived system.
242.16 Type 3 SPDs. Typc 3 SPDs shall be permitted to be installed on the load side of branch-circuit overcurrent protec- tion up to the equipment served. If included in the manufac- turer's instructions, the Type 3 SPD connection shall be a minimum 10 m (30 ft) of conductor distance from the service or separately derived system disconnect.
242.18 Type 4 and Other Component Type SPDs. Typc 4 component assemblies and other component type SPDs shall only be installed by the equipment manufacturer.
242.20 Number Required. Where used at a point on a circuit, the SPD shall be connected to cach ungrounded conductor.
242.22 Location. SPDs shall be permitted to be located indoors or outdoors and shall be made inaccessible to unquali- ficd persons unless listed for installation in accessible locations.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-133
242.24
ARTICLE 242 - OVERVOLTAGE PROTECTION
242.24 Routing of Conductors. The conductors used to connect the SPD to the line or bus and to ground shall not be any longer than necessary and shall avoid unnecessary bends.
242.28 Conductor Size. SPD linc conductors and conductors to ground shall not be smaller than 14 AWG copper or 12 AWG aluminum.
242.30 Connection Between Conductors. An SPD shall bc permitted to be connected between any two conductors - ungrounded conductor(s), grounded conductor, equipment grounding conductor, or grounding electrode conductor. The grounded conductor and the equipment grounding conductor shall be interconnected only by the normal operation of the SPD during a surge.
242.32 Grounding Electrode Conductor Connections and Enclosures. Except as indicated in this article, SPD grounding connections shall be made as specified in Article 250, Part III. Grounding electrode conductors installed in metal enclosures shall comply with 250.64(E).
Part III. Surge Arresters, Over 1000 Volts
242.40 Uses Not Permitted. A surge arrester shall not be installed where the rating of the surge arrester is less than the maximum continuous phase-to-ground voltage at the power frequency available at the point of application.
242.42 Surge Arrester Rating. The duty cycle rating of a surge arrester shall be not less than 125 percent of the maximum continuous operating voltage available at the point of applica- tion.
For solidly grounded systems, the maximum continuous operating voltage shall be the phase-to-ground voltage of the system.
For impedance or ungrounded systems, the maximum continuous operating voltage shall be the phase-to-phase volt- age of the system.
Informational Note No. 1: See IEEE C62.11-2020, Standard for Metal Oxide Surge Arresters for Alternating-Current Power Circuits (>1 kV), and IEEE C62.22-2009, Guide for the Application of Metal-Oxide Surge Arresters for Alternating-Current Systems, for further informa- tion on surge arresters.
Informational Note No. 2: The selection of a properly rated metal oxide arrester is based on considerations of maximum continuous operating voltage and the magnitude and duration of overvoltages at the arrester location as affected by phase-to- ground faults, system grounding techniques, switching surges, and other causes. See the manufacturer's application rules for selection of the specific arrester to be used at a particular loca- tion.
242.44 Number Required. Where used at a point on a circuit, a surge arrester shall be connected to cach ungrounded conductor. A single installation of such surge arresters shall be permitted to protect a number of interconnected circuits if no circuit is exposed to surges while disconnected from the surge arresters.
242.46 Location. Surge arresters shall be permitted to be loca- ted indoors or outdoors. Surge arresters shall be made inacces- sible to unqualified persons unless listed for installation in accessible locations.
242.48 Routing of Surge Arrester Equipment Grounding Conductors. The conductor used to connect the surge arrester to linc, bus, or equipment and to an equipment grounding conductor or grounding electrode connection point as provi- ded in 242.50 shall not be any longer than necessary and shall avoid unnecessary bends.
242.50 Connection. The arrester shall be connected to one of the following:
(1) Grounded service conductor
(2) Grounding electrode conductor
(3) Grounding electrode for the service
(4) Equipment grounding terminal in the service equipment
242.52 Surge-Arrester Conductors. The conductor between the surge arrester and the line, and the surge arrester and the grounding connection, shall not be smaller than 6 AWG copper or aluminum.
242.54 Interconnections. The surge arrester protecting a transformer that supplies a secondary distribution system shall be interconnected as specified in 242.54(A), (B), or (C).
(A) Metal Interconnections. A metal interconnection shall be made to the secondary grounded circuit conductor or the secondary circuit grounding electrode conductor, if, in addi- tion to the direct grounding connection at the surge arrester, the connection complies with 242.54(A) (1) or (A) (2).
(1) Additional Grounding Connection. The grounded conduc- tor of the secondary has a grounding connection elsewhere to a continuous metal underground water piping system. In urban water-pipe arcas where there are at least four water-pipe corinections on the neutral conductor and not fewer than four such connections in cach mile of neutral conductor, the metal interconnection shall be permitted to be made to the secon- dary neutral conductor with omission of the direct grounding connection at the surge arrester.
(2) Multigrounded Neutral System Connection. The grounded conductor of the secondary system is part of a multigrounded neutral system or static wire of which the primary neutral conductor or static wire has at least four grounding connec- tions in cach 1.6 km (1 mile) of line in addition to a grounding connection at cach service.
(B) Through Spark Gap or Device. Where the surge arrester grounding electrode conductor is not connected as in 242.54(A), or where the secondary is not grounded as in 242.54(A) but is otherwise grounded as in 250.52, an intercon- nection shall be made through a spark gap or listed device as required by 242.54(B) (1) or (B)(2).
(1) Ungrounded or Unigrounded Primary System. For ungrounded or unigrounded primary systems, the spark gap or a listed device shall have a 60-Hz breakdown voltage of at least twice the primary circuit voltage but not necessarily more than 10 kV, and there shall be at least one other ground on the grounded conductor of the secondary that is not less than 6.0 m (20 ft) distant from the surge-arrester grounding elec- trodc.
(2) Multigrounded Neutral Primary System. For multigroun- ded neutral primary systems, the spark gap or listed device shall have a 60-Hz breakdown of not more than 3 kV, and there shall be at least one other ground on the grounded conductor of the secondary that is not less than 6.0 m (20 ft) distant from the surge-arrester grounding electrode.
70-134
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 245- OVERCURRENT PROTECTION FOR SYSTEMS RATED OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC 245.21
(C) By Special Permission. An interconnection of the surge- arrester ground and the secondary neutral conductor, other than as provided in 242.54(A) or (B), shall be permitted to be made only by special permission.
242.56 Grounding Electrode Conductor Connections and Enclosures. Except as indicated in this article, surge-arrester grounding electrode conductor connections shall be made as specified in Article 250, Parts III and X. Grounding electrode conductors installed in metal enclosures shall comply with 250.64(E).
ARTICLE 245 Overcurrent Protection for Systems Rated Over 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts dc
245.1 Scope. This article covers overcurrent protection requirements for systems over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal.
245.2 Reconditioned Equipment.
(A) Reconditioned Equipment Permitted. The following reconditioned equipment shall be permitted:
(1) Medium- and high-voltage circuit breakers
(2) Electromechanical protective relays and current trans- formers
(B) Reconditioned Equipment Not Permitted. Medium- voltage fuscholders and medium-voltage nonrenewable fuses shall not be permitted.
245.21 Circuit-Interrupting Devices.
(A) Circuit Breakers.
(1) Location.
(a) Circuit breakers installed indoors shall be mounted cither in metal-enclosed units or fire-resistant cell-mounted units, or they shall be permitted to be open-mounted in loca- tions accessible to qualified persons only.
(b) Circuit breakers used to control oil-filled transform- crs in a vault shall cither be located outside the transformer vault or be capable of operation from outside the vault.
(c) Oil circuit breakers shall be arranged or located so that adjacent readily combustible structures or materials are safeguarded in an approved manner.
(2) Operating Characteristics. Circuit breakers shall have the following equipment or operating characteristics:
(1) An accessible mechanical or other identified means for manual tripping, independent of control power
(2) Be release free (trip free)
(3) If capable of being opened or closed manually while energized, main contacts that operate independently of the speed of the manual operation
(4) A mechanical position indicator at the circuit breaker to show the open or closed position of the main contacts
(5) A means of indicating the open and closed position of the breaker at the point(s) from which they may be oper- atcd
(3) Nameplate. A circuit breaker shall have a permanent and legible nameplate showing the manufacturer's name or trade- mark, manufacturer's type or identification number, continu- ous current rating, interrupting rating in megavolt-amperes (MVA) or amperes, and maximum voltage rating. Modification of a circuit breaker affecting its rating(s) shall be accompanied by an appropriate change of nameplate information.
(4) Rating. Circuit breakers shall have the following ratings:
(1) The continuous current rating of a circuit breaker shall not be less than the maximum continuous current through the circuit breaker.
(2) The interrupting rating of a circuit breaker shall not be less than the available fault current the circuit breaker will be required to interrupt, including contributions from all connected sources of energy.
(3) The closing rating of a circuit breaker shall not be less than the maximum asymmetrical fault current into which the circuit breaker can be closed.
(4) The momentary rating of a circuit breaker shall not be less than the maximum asymmetrical fault current at the point of installation.
(5) The rated maximum voltage of a circuit breaker shall not be less than the maximum circuit voltage.
(5) Retrofit Trip Units. Retrofit trip units shall be listed for use with the specific circuit breaker with which it is installed.
(B). Power Fuses and Fuseholders.
(1) Use. Where fuses are used to protect conductors and equipment, a fuse shall be placed in cach ungrounded conduc- tor. Two power fuses shall be permitted to be used in parallel to protect the same load if both fuses have identical ratings and both fuses are installed in an identified common mounting with electrical connections that divide the current equally. Power fuses of the vented type shall not be used indoors, underground, or in metal enclosures unless identified for the usc.
(2) Interrupting Rating. The interrupting rating of power fuses shall not be less than the available fault current the fuse is required to interrupt, including contributions from all connec- ted sources of energy.
(3) Voltage Rating. The maximum voltage rating of power fuses shall not be less than the maximum circuit voltage. Fuses having a minimum recommended operating voltage shall not be applied below this voltage.
(4) Identification of Fuse Mountings and Fuse Units. Fusc mountings and fuse units shall have permanent and legible nameplates showing the manufacturer's type or designation, continuous current rating, interrupting current rating, and maximum voltage rating.
(5) Fuses. Fuscs that expel flame in opening the circuit shall be designed or arranged so that they function properly without hazard to persons or property.
(6) Fuseholders, Fuscholders shall be designed or installed so that they are de-energized while a fuse is being replaced. A field-applied permanent and legible sign, in accordance with 110.21 (B), shall be installed immediately adjacent to the fuse- holders and shall be worded as follows:
DANGER - DISCONNECT CIRCUIT BEFORE REPLACING FUSES.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-135
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
245.21 ARTICLE 245 - OVERCURRENT PROTECTION FOR SYSTEMS RATED OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC
Exception: Fuses and fuseholders designed to permit fuse replacement by qualified persons using identified equipment without de-energizing the fuseholder shall be permitted.
(7) High-Voltage Fuses. Switchgear and substations that usc high-voltage fuses shall be provided with a gang-operated disconnecting switch. Isolation of the fuses from the circuit shall be provided by cither connecting a switch between the source and the fuses or providing roll-out switch and fuse-type construction. The switch shall be of the load-interrupter type, unless mechanically or electrically interlocked with a load- interrupting device arranged to reduce the load to the inter- rupting capability of the switch.
Exception: More than one switch shall be permitted as the disconnecting means for one set of fuses where the switches are installed to provide connection to more than one set of supply conductors. The switches shall be mechanically or electrically interlocked to permit access to the fuses only when all switches are open. A conspicuous sign shall be placed at the fuses identifying the presence of more than one source.
(C) Distribution Cutouts and Fuse Links - Expulsion Type.
(1) Installation. Cutouts shall be located so that they may be readily and safely operated and re-fused, and so that the exhaust of the fuses does not endanger persons. Distribution cutouts shall not be used indoors, underground, or in metal enclosures.
(2) Operation. Where fused cutouts are not suitable to inter- rupt the circuit manually while carrying full load, an approved means shall be installed to interrupt the entire load. Unless the fused cutouts are interlocked with the switch to prevent open- ing of the cutouts under load, a conspicuous sign shall be placed at such cutouts identifying that they shall not be oper- ated under load.
(3) Interrupting Rating. The interrupting rating of distribu- tion cutouts shall not be less than the available fault current the cutout is required to interrupt, including contributions from all connected sources of energy.
(4) Voltage Rating. The maximum voltage rating of cutouts shall not be less than the maximum circuit voltage.
(5) Identification. Distribution cutouts shall have on their body, door, or fuse tube a permanent and legible nameplate or identification showing the manufacturer's type or designation, continuous current rating, maximum voltage rating, and inter- rupting rating.
(6) Fuse Links. Fuse links shall have a permanent and legible identification showing continuous current rating and type.
(7) Structure Mounted Outdoors. The height of cutouts mounted outdoors on structures shall provide safe clearance between lowest energized parts (open or closed position) and standing surfaces, in accordance with 110.34(E).
(D) Oil-Filled Cutouts.
(1) Continuous Current Rating. The continuous current rating of oil-filled cutouts shall not be less than the maximum continuous current through the cutout.
(2) Interrupting Rating. The interrupting rating of oil-filled cutouts shall not be less than the available fault current the oil- filled cutout is required to interrupt, including contributions from all connected sources of energy.
(3) Voltage Rating. The maximum voltage rating of oil-filled cutouts shall not be less than the maximum circuit voltage.
(4) Fault Closing Rating. Oil-filled cutouts shall have a fault closing rating not less than the maximum asymmetrical fault current that can occur at the cutout location, unless suitable interlocks or operating procedures preclude the possibility of closing into a fault.
(5) Identification. Oil-filled cutouts shall have a permanent and legible nameplate showing the rated continuous current, rated maximum voltage, and rated interrupting current.
(6) Fuse Links. Fuse links shall have a permanent and legible identification showing the rated continuous current.
(7) Location. Cutouts shall be located so that they are readily and safely accessible for re-fusing, with the top of the cutout not over 1.5 m (5 ft) above the floor or platform.
(8) Enclosure. Suitable barriers or :enclosures shall be provi- ded to prevent contact with nonshielded cables or energized parts of oil-filled cutouts.
(E) Load Interrupters. Load-interrupter switches shall be permitted if suitable fuses or circuit breakers are used in conjunction with these devices to interrupt available fault currents. Where these devices are used in combination, they shall be coordinated electrically so that they will safely with- stand the effects of closing, carrying, or interrupting all possi- ble currents up to the assigned maximum short-circuit rating.
Where more than one switch is installed with interconnected load terminals to provide for alternate connection to different supply conductors, cach switch shall be provided with a warn- ing sign identifying the presence of more than one source. Each warning sign or label shall comply with 110.21.
(1) Continuous Current Rating. The continuous current rating of interrupter switches shall cqual or exceed the maxi- mum continuous current at the point of installation.
(2) Voltage Rating. The maximum voltage rating of inter- rupter switches shall cqual or exceed the maximum circuit volt- agc.
(3) Identification. Interrupter switches shall have a permanent and legible nameplate, including the following information: manufacturer's type or designation, continuous current rating, interrupting current rating, fault closing rating, maximum volt- age rating.
(4) Switching of Conductors. The switching mechanism shall be arranged to be operated from a location where the operator is not exposed to energized parts and shall be arranged to open all ungrounded conductors of the circuit simultaneously with one operation. Switches shall be arranged to be locked in the open position. Metal-enclosed switches shall be operable from outside the enclosure.
(5) Stored Energy for Opening. The stored-energy operator shall be permitted to be left in the uncharged position after the switch has been closed if a single movement of the operating handle charges the operator and opens the switch.
(6) Supply Terminals. The supply terminals of fused inter- rupter switches shall be installed at the top of the switch enclo- sure, or, if the terminals are located elsewhere, the equipment shall have barriers installed to prevent persons from acciden-
70-136
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.1
tally contacting energized parts or dropping tools or fuses into energized parts.
245.26 Feeders and Branch Circuits.
(A) Location and Type of Protection. Feeder and branch- circuit conductors shall have overcurrent protection in cach ungrounded conductor located at the point where the conduc- tor receives its supply or at an alternative location in the circuit when designed under engineering supervision that includes but is not limited to considering the appropriate fault studies and time-current coordination analysis of the protective devi- ces and the conductor damage curves. The overcurrent protec- tion shall be permitted to be provided by cither 250.184(B) or (A) (2).
(1) Overcurrent Relays and Current Transformers. Circuit breakers used for overcurrent protection of 3-phase circuits shall have a minimum of three overcurrent relay clements operated from three current transformers. The separate over- current relay clements (or protective functions) shall be permitted to be part of a single electronic protective relay unit.
On 3-phase, 3-wire circuits, an overcurrent relay element in the residual circuit of the current transformers shall be permit- ted to replace one of the phase relay clements.
An overcurrent relay clement, operated from a current transformer that links all phases of a 3-phase, 3-wire circuit, shall be permitted to replace the residual relay clement and one of the phase-conductor current transformers. Where the neutral conductor is not regrounded on the load side of the circuit as permitted in 250.184(B), the current transformer shall be permitted to link all 3-phase conductors and the grounded circuit conductor (neutral).
(2) Fuses. A fuse shall be connected in series with each ungrounded conductor.
(B) Protective Devices. The protective device(s) shall be capa- ble of detecting and interrupting all values of current that can occur at their location in excess of their trip-setting or melting point.
(C) Conductor Protection. The operating time of the protec- tive device, the available short-circuit current, and the conduc- tor used shall be coordinated to prevent damaging or dangerous temperatures in conductors or conductor insulation under short-circuit conditions.
245.27 Additional Requirements for Feeders.
(A) Rating or Setting of Overcurrent Protective Devices. The continuous ampere rating of a fuse shall not exceed three times the ampacity of the conductors. The long-time trip clement setting of a breaker or the minimum trip setting of an electronically actuated fuse shall not exceed six times the ampacity of the conductor. For fire pumps, conductors shall be permitted to be protected for overcurrent in accordance with 695.4(B)(2).
(B) Feeder Taps. Conductors tapped to a fecder shall be permitted to be protected by the feeder overcurrent device where that overcurrent device also protects the tap conductor.
ARTICLE 250 Grounding and Bonding
Part I. General
250.1 Scope. This article covers general requirements for grounding and bonding of electrical installations and the following specific requirements:
(1) Systems, circuits, and equipment required, permitted, or not permitted to be grounded
(2) Circuit conductor to be grounded on grounded systems
(3) Location of grounding connections
(4) Types and sizes of grounding and bonding conductors and electrodes
(5) Methods of grounding and bonding
(6) Conditions under which isolation, insulation, or guards are permitted to be substituted for grounding
Informational Note: See Informational Note Figure 250.1 for information on the organization of this article covering ground- ing and bonding requirements.
Part I General
Part II System grounding
Part VIII Direct-current systems
Part X Grounding of systems and circuits of over 1000 volts
Part III Grounding electrode system and grounding electrode conductor
Part V Bonding
Part IV Enclosure, raceway, and service cable connections
Part VI Equipment grounding and equipment grounding conductors
Part VII Methods of equipment grounding conductor connections
Part IX Instruments, meters, and relays
Informational Note Figure 250.1 Grounding and Bonding.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-137
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
250.4
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.4 General Requirements for Grounding and Bonding. The following general requirements identify what grounding and bonding of electrical systems are required to accomplish. The prescriptive methods contained in this article shall be followed to comply with the performance requirements of this section.
(A) Grounded Systems.
(1) Electrical System Grounding. Electrical systems that are grounded shall be connected to carth in a manner that will limit the voltage imposed by lightning, line surges, or uninten- tional contact with higher-voltage lines and that will stabilize the voltage to carth during normal operation.
Informational Note No. 1: An important consideration for limit- ing the imposed voltage is the routing of bonding and ground- ing electrode conductors so that they are not any longer than necessary to complete the connection without disturbing the permanent parts of the installation and so that unnecessary bends and loops are avoided.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, for information on installation of grounding and bonding for lightning protection systems.
(2) Grounding of Electrical Equipment. Normally non- current-carrying conductive materials enclosing electrical conductors or equipment, or forming part of such equipment, shall be connected to carth so as to limit the voltage to ground on these materials.
(3) Bonding of Electrical Equipment. Normally non-current- carrying conductive materials enclosing electrical conductors or equipment, or forming part of such equipment, shall be connected together and to the electrical supply source in a manner that establishes an effective ground-fault current path.
(4) Bonding of Electrically Conductive Materials and Other Equipment. Normally non-current-carrying electrically conduc- tive materials that are likely to become energized shall be connected together and to the electrical supply source in a manner that establishes an effective ground-fault current path.
(5) Effective Ground-Fault Current Path. Electrical cquip- ment and wiring and other electrically conductive material likely to become energized shall be installed in a manner that creates a low-impedance circuit facilitating the operation of the overcurrent device or ground detector for impedance groun- ded systems. It shall be capable of safely carrying the maximum ground-fault current likely to be imposed on it from any point on the wiring system where a ground fault occurs to the electri- cal supply source. The carth shall not be considered as an effective ground-fault current path.
(B) Ungrounded Systems.
(1) Grounding Electrical Equipment. Non-current-carrying conductive materials enclosing electrical conductors or equip- ment, or forming part of such equipment, shall be connected to carth in a manner that will limit the voltage imposed by lightning or unintentional contact with higher-voltage lines and limit the voltage to ground on these materials.
Informational Note: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion of Lightning Protection Systems, for information on installation of grounding and bonding for lightning protection systems.
(2) Bonding of Electrical Equipment. Non-current-carrying conductive materials enclosing electrical conductors or equip-
ment, or forming part of such equipment, shall be connected together and to the supply system grounded equipment in a manner that creates a low-impedance path for ground-fault current that is capable of carrying the maximum fault current likely to be imposed on it.
(3) Bonding of Electrically Conductive Materials and Other Equipment. Electrically conductive materials that are likely to become energized shall be connected together and to the supply system grounded equipment in a manner that creates a low-impedance path for ground-fault current that is capable of carrying the maximum fault current likely to be imposed on it.
(4) Path for Fault Current. Electrical equipment, wiring, and other electrically conductive material likely to become ener- gized shall be installed in a manner that creates a low- impedance circuit from any point on the wiring system to the electrical supply source to facilitate the operation of overcur- rent devices should a second ground fault from a different phase occur on the wiring system. The carth shall not be considered as an effective fault-current path.
250.6 Objectionable Current.
(A) Arrangement to Prevent Objectionable Current. The grounding and bonding of electrical systems, circuit conduc- tors, surge arresters, surge-protective devices, and conductive normally non-current-carrying metal parts of equipment shall be installed and arranged in a manner that will prevent objec- tionable current.
(B) Alterations to Stop Objectionable Current. If the use of multiple grounding or honding connections results in objec- tionable current and the requirements of 250.4(A) (5) or (B) (4) are met, one or more of the following alterations shall be permitted:
(1) Discontinue one or more but not all of such grounding or bonding connections.
(2) Change the locations of the grounding or bonding connections.
(3) Interrupt the continuity of the conductor or conductive path causing the objectionable current.
(4) Take other remedial and approved action.
(C) Currents Not Classified as Objectionable Currents. Currents resulting from abnormal conditions such as ground faults, and from currents resulting from required grounding and bonding connections shall not be classified as objectiona- ble current for the purposes specified in 250.6(A) and (B).
(D) Limitations to Permissible Alterations. This section shall not be considered as permitting electronic equipment to be operated on ac systems or branch circuits that are not connec- ted to an equipment grounding conductor as required by this article. Currents that introduce electromagnetic interference or data errors in electronic equipment shall not be considered the objectionable currents addressed in this section.
(E) Isolation of Objectionable Direct-Current from Cathodic Protection Systems. If isolation of objectionable direct currents from a cathodic protection system is required, a listed isolator device shall be permitted in the equipment grounding conductor path to provide an effective return path for ac ground-fault current while blocking the flow of direct currents.
70-138
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.24
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.8 Connection of Grounding and Bonding Equipment.
(A) Permitted Methods. Equipment grounding conductors, grounding electrode conductors, and bonding jumpers shall be connected by one or more of the following means:
(1) Listed pressure connectors
(2) Terminal bars
(3) Pressure connectors listed as grounding and bonding equipment
(4) Exothermic welding process
(5) Machine screw-type fasteners that engage not less than two threads or are secured with a nut
(6) Thread-forming machine screws that engage not less than two threads in the enclosure
(7) Connections that are part of a listed as.sembly
(8) Other listed means
(B) Methods Not Permitted. Connection devices or fittings that depend solely on solder shall not be used.
250.10 Protection of Ground Clamps and Fittings. Ground clamps or other fittings exposed to physical damage shall be enclosed in metal, wood, or equivalent protective covering.
250.12 Clean Surfaces. Nonconductive coatings (such as paint, lacquer, and enamel) on equipment to be grounded or bondedshall be removed from threads and other contact surfa- ces to ensure electrical continuity or shall be connected by means of fittings designed to make such removal unnecessary.
Part II. System Grounding
250.20 Alternating-Current Systems to Be Grounded. Alternating-current systems shall be grounded in accordance with 250.20(A), (B), (C), or (D), unless prohibited elsewhere in this Code. Other systems shall be permitted to be grounded. If such systems are grounded, they shall comply with the appli- cable provisions of this article.
Informational Note No. 1: An example of a system pennitted to be grounded is a corner-grounded delta transformer connec- tion.
Informational Note No. 2: See 503.155, 517.61, 517.160, 668.10, and 680.23(A)(2) for examples of circuits prohibited to be grounded.
(A) Alternating-Current Systeins of Less Than 50 Volts. Alternating-current systems of less than 50 volts shall be groun- ded under any of the following conditions:
(1) If supplied by transformers, if the transformer supply system exceeds 150 volts to ground
(2) If supplied by transformers, if the transformer supply system is ungrounded
(3) If installed outside as overhead conductors
(B) Alternating-Current Systems of 50 Volts to 1000 Volts. Alternating-current systems of 50 volts to 1000 volts that supply premises wiring and premises wiring systems shall be grounded under any of the following conditions:
(1) If the system can be grounded so that the maximum volt- age to ground on the ungrounded conductors does not exceed 150 volts
(2) If the system is 3-phase, 4-wire, wyc connected in which the neutral conductor is used as a circuit conductor
(3) If the system is 3-phase, 4-wirc, delta connected in which the midpoint of one phase winding is used as a circuit conductor
Informational Note: See NFPA 706 .- 2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, Annex O, for information on impedance grounding to reduce arc-flash hazards.
(C) Alternating-Current Systems of over 1000 Volts. Alternating-current systems supplying mobile or portable equipment shall be grounded in accordance with 250.188. If supplying other than mobile or portable equipment, such systems shall be permitted to be grounded.
(D) Impedance Grounded Systems. Impedance grounded systems shall be grounded in accordance with 250.36 or 250.187, as applicable.
250.21 Alternating-Current Systems of 50 Volts to 1000 Volts Not Required to Be Grounded.
(A) General. The following ac systems of 50 volts to 1000 volts shall be permitted to be grounded but shall not be required to be grounded:
(1) Electrical systems used exclusively to supply industrial electric furnaces used for applications such as melting, refining, or tempering
(2) Separately derived systems used exclusively for rectifiers that supply only adjustable-speed industrial drives
(3). Separately derived systems supplied by transformers that have a primary voltage rating of 1000 volts or less if all the following conditions are met:
a. The system is used exclusively for control circuits.
b. The conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installa- tion.
c. Continuity of control power is required.
(4) Other systems that are not required to be grounded in accordance with 250.20(B)
(B) Ground Detectors. Ground detectors shall be installed in accordance with the following:
(1) Ungrounded ac systems as permitted in 250.21(A) (1) through (A) (4) operating at not less than 120 volts and at 1000 volts or less shall have ground detectors installed on the system.
(2) The ground detection sensing equipment shall be connected as close as practicable to where the system receives its supply.
(C) Marking. Ungrounded systems shall be legibly marked "Caution: Ungrounded System Operating - Volts Between Conductors" at the source or first disconnecting means of the system. The marking shall be of sufficient durabil- ity to withstand the environment involved.
250.24 Grounding of Service-Supplied Alternating-Current Systems.
(A) System Grounding Connections. A premises wiring system supplied by a grounded ac service shall have a grounding elec- trode conductor connected to the grounded service conductor, at cach service, in accordance with 250.24(A) (1) through (A)(4).
(1) General. The grounding electrode conductor connection shall be made at any accessible point from the load end of the overhead service conductors, service drop, underground serv-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-139
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.24
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
ice conductors, or service lateral to the terminal or bus to which the grounded service conductor is connected at the serv- ice disconnecting means.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for definitions of Service Conductors, Overhead; Servire Conductors, Underground; Servire Drop; and Service Lateral.
(2) Outdoor Transformer. If the transformer supplying the service is located outside the building, at least one additional grounding connection shall be made from the grounded serv- ice conductor to a grounding electrode, cither at the trans- former or elsewhere outside the building.
Exception: The additional grounding electrode conductor connection shall not be made on impedance grounded systems. Impedance groun- ded systems shall meet the requirements of 250.36 or 250.187, as appli- cable.
(3) Dual-Fed Services. For services that are dual fed (double ended) in a common enclosure or grouped together in sepa- rate enclosures and employing a secondary tic, a single ground- ing electrode conductor connection to the tic point of the grounded conductor(s) from cach power source shall be permitted.
(4) Main Bonding Jumper as Wire or Busbar. If the main bonding jumper specified in 250.28 is a wire or busbar and is installed from the grounded conductor terminal bar or bus to the equipment grounding terminal bar or bus in the service equipment, the grounding electrode conductor shall be permitted to be connected to the equipment grounding termi- nal, bar, or bus to which the main bonding jumper is connec- ted.
(B) Load-Side Grounding Connections. A grounded conduc- tor shall not be connected to normally non-current-carrying metal parts of equipment, to equipment grounding conduc- tor(s), or be reconnected to ground on the load side of the service disconnecting means except as otherwise permitted in this article.
Informational Note: See 250.30 for separately derived systems, 250.32 for connections at separate buildings or structures, and 250.142 for use of the grounded circuit conductor for ground- ing equipment.
(C) Main Bonding Jumper. For a grounded system, an unspliced main bonding jumper shall be used to connect the equipment grounding conductor(s) and the service-disconnect enclosure to the grounded conductor within the enclosure for cach service disconnect in accordance with 250.28.
Exception No. 1: If more than one service disconnecting means is loca- ted in an assembly listed for use as service equipment, an unspliced main bonding jumper shall bond the grounded conductor(s) to the assembly enclosure.
Exception No. 2: Impedance grounded systems shall be permitted to be connected in accordance with 250.36 and 250.187.
(D) Grounded Conductor Brought to Service Equipment. If an ac system operating at 1000 volts or less is grounded at any point, the grounded conductor(s) shall be routed with the ungrounded conductors to cach service disconnecting means and shall be connected to cach disconnecting means grounded conductor(s) terminal or bus. A main bonding jumper shall connect the grounded conductor(s) to cach service disconnect- ing means enclosure. The grounded conductor(s) shall bc
installed in accordance with 250.24(C) (1) and 250.24(D) (1) through (D) (4).
Exception: If two or more service disconnecting means are located in a single assembly listed for use as service equipment, it shall be permitted to connect the grounded conductor(s) to the assembly common grounded conductor(s) terminal or bus. The assembly shall include a main bond- ing jumper for connecting the grounded conductor(s) to the assembly enclosure.
(1) Sizing for a Single Raceway or Cable. The grounded conductor shall not be smaller than specified in Table 250.102(C) (1).
(2) Conductors Connected in Parallel in Two or More Race- ways or Cables. If the ungrounded service-entrance conduc- tors are connected in parallel in two or more raceways or cables, the grounded conductors shall also be installed in cach raceway or cable and shall be connected in parallel. The size of cach grounded conductor(s) in cach raceway or cable shall not be smaller than 1/0 AWG and shall be sized in accordance with 250.24(D)(2)(a) or (D)(2) (b) in accordance with 250.24(D) (1).
(a) Shall be based on the largest ungrounded conductor in cach raceway or cable.
(b) Shall be based on the sum of the circular mil arcas of the largest ungrounded conductors from cach set connected in parallel in cach raceway or cable.
Informational Note: See 310.10(G) for grounded conductors connected in parallel.
(3) Delta-Connected Service. The grounded conductor of a 3- phase, 3-wire delta service shall have an ampacity not less than that of the ungrounded conductors.
(4) Impedance Grounded Service. The impedance grounding conductor on an impedance grounded system shall be connec- ted in accordance with 250.36 or 250.187, as applicable.
(E) Grounding Electrode Conductor. A grounding electrode conductor shall be used to connect the equipment grounding conductors, the service-equipment enclosures, and, if the system is grounded, the grounded service conductor to the grounding electrode(s) required by Part III of this article. This conductor shall be sized in accordance with 250.66.
Impedance grounded system connections shall be made in accordance with 250.36 or 250.187, as applicable.
(F) Ungrounded System Grounding Connections. A premises wiring system that is supplied by an ac service that is ungroun- ded shall have, at cach service, a grounding electrode conduc- tor connected to the grounding electrode(s) required by Part III of this article. The grounding electrode conductor shall be connected to a metal enclosure of the service conductors at any accessible point from the load end of the overhead service conductors, service drop, underground service conductors, or service lateral to the service disconnecting means.
250.25 Grounding of Systems Permitted to Be Connected on the Supply Side of the Service Disconnect. The grounding of systems connected on the supply side of the service disconnect, in accordance with 230.82, that are in enclosures separate from the service equipment enclosure shall comply with 250.25(A) or (B).
(A) Grounded System. If the utility supply system is grounded, the grounding of systems permitted to be connected on the
70-140
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.30
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
supply side of the service disconnect and are installed in one or more separate enclosures from the service equipment enclo- sure shall comply with the requirements of 250.24(A) through (D).
(B) Ungrounded Systems. If the utility supply system is ungrounded, the grounding of systems permitted to be connec- ted on the supply side of the service disconnect and are instal- led in one or more separate enclosures from the service equipment enclosure shall comply with the requirements of 250.24(F).
250.26 Conductor to Be Grounded - Alternating-Current Systems. If an ac premises wiring system is grounded, the conductor to be grounded shall be one of the following:
(1) Single-phase, 2-wire - one conductor
(2) Single-phase, 3-wire - the neutral conductor
(3) Multiphase systems having one wire common to all phases - the neutral conductor
(4) Multiphase systems if one phase is grounded - that phase conductor
(5) Multiphase systems in which one phase is used as in (2) - the neutral conductor
250.28 Main Bonding Jumper and System Bonding Jumper. For a grounded system, main bonding jumpers and system bonding jumpers shall be installed as follows:
(A) Material. Main bonding jumpers and system bonding jumpers shall be of copper, aluminum, copper-clad aluminum, or other corrosion-resistant material. A main bonding jumper and a system bonding jumper shall be a wire, bus, screw, or similar suitable conductor.
(B) Construction. If a main bonding jumper or a system bond- ing jumper is a screw only, the screw shall be identified with a green finish that shall be visible with the screw installed.
(C) Attachment. Main bonding jumpers and system bonding jumpers shall be connected by one or more of the methods in 250.8 that is suitable for the material of the bonding jumper and enclosure.
(D) Size. Main bonding jumpers and system bonding jumpers shall be sized in accordance with. 250.28(D) (1) through (D) (3).
(1) General. Main bonding jumpers and system bonding jumpers shall not be smaller than specified in Table 250.102(C) (1).
(2) Main Bonding Jumper for Service with More Than One Enclosure. If a service consists of more than a single enclosure as permitted in 230.71(B), the main bonding jumper for cach enclosure shall be sized in accordance with 250.28(D) (1) based on the largest ungrounded service conductor serving that enclosure.
(3) Separately Derived System with More Than One Enclosure. If a separately derived system supplies more than a single enclo- sure, the system bonding jumper for cach enclosure shall be sized in accordance with 250.28(D) (1) based on the largest ungrounded feeder conductor serving that enclosure, or a single system bonding jumper shall be installed at the source and sized in accordance with 250.28(D) (1) based on the cquiv- alent size of the largest supply conductor determined by the largest sum of the areas of the corresponding conductors of cach sct.
250.30 Grounding Separately Derived Alternating-Current Systems. In addition to complying with 250.30(A) for groun- ded systems, or as provided in 250.30(B) for ungrounded systems, separately derived systems shall comply with 250.20, 250.21, or 250.26, as applicable. Multiple power sources of the same type that are connected in parallel to form one system that supplies premises wiring shall be treated as a single sepa- ratcly derived system and shall be installed in accordance with 250.30.
Informational Note No. 1: An alternate ac power source, such as an on-site generator, is not a separately derived system if the grounded conductor is solidly interconnected to a service- supplied system grounded conductor. An example of such a situation is if the alternate source transfer equipment does not include a switching action in the grounded conductor and allows it to remain solidly connected to the service-supplied grounded conductor when the alternate source is operational and supplying the load served.
Informational Note No. 2: See 445.13 for the minimum size of conductors that carry fault current.
(A) Grounded Systems. A separately derived ac system that is grounded shall comply with 250.30(A) (1) through (A) (8). Except as otherwise permitted in this article, a grounded conductor shall not be connected to normally non-current- carrying metal parts of equipment, be connected to equipment grounding conductors, or be reconnected to ground on the load side of the system bonding jumper.
Informational Note: See 250.32 for connections at separate buildings or structures and 250.142 for use of the grounded circuit conductor for grounding equipment.
Exception: Impedance grounded system grounding connections shall be made in accordance with 250.36 or 250.187, as applicable.
(1) System Bonding Jumper. An unspliced system bonding jumper shall comply with 250.28(A) through (D). This connec- tion shall be made at any single point on the separately derived system from the source to the first system disconnecting means or overcurrent device, or it shall be made at the source of a separately derived system that has no disconnecting means or overcurrent devices, in accordance with 250.30(A) (1) (a) or (A) (1) (b). The system bonding jumper shall remain within the enclosure where it originates. If the source is located outside the building or structure supplied, a system bonding jumper shall be installed at the grounding electrode connection in compliance with 250.30(C).
Exception No. 1: For systems installed in accordance with 450.6, a single system bonding jumper connection to the tie point of the groun- ded circuit conductors from each power source shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: If a building or structure is supplied by a feeder from an outdoor separately derived system, a system bonding jumper at both the source and the first disconnecting means shall be permitted if doing so does not establish a parallel path for the grounded conductor. If a grounded conductor is used in this manner, it shall not be smaller than the size specified for the system bonding jumper but shall not be required to be larger than the ungrounded conductor(s). For the purposes of this exception, connection through the earth shall not be considered as providing a parallel path.
Exception No. 3: The size of the system bonding jumper for a system that supplies a Class 1, Class 2, or Class 3 circuit, and is derived from a transformer rated not more than 1000 volt-amperes, shall not be smaller than the derived ungrounded conductors and shall not be smaller than 14 AWG copper or 12 AWG aluminum.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-141
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.30
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
(a) Installed at the Source. The system bonding jumper shall connect the grounded conductor to the supply-side bond- ing jumper and the normally non-current-carrying metal enclo- surc.
(b) Installed at the First Disconnecting Means. The system bonding jumper shall connect the grounded conductor to the supply-side bonding jumper, the disconnecting means enclo- surc, and the equipment grounding conductor(s).
Exception: Separately derived systems consisting of multiple sources of the same type that are connected in parallel shall be permitted to have the system bonding jumper installed at the paralleling switchgear, switchboard, or other paralleling connection point instead of at the disconnecting means located at each separate source.
(2) Supply-Side Bonding Jumper. If the source of a separately derived system and the first disconnecting means are located in separate enclosures, a supply-side bonding jumper shall be installed with the circuit conductors from the source enclosure to the first disconnecting means enclosure. A supply-side bond- ing jumper shall not be required to be larger than the derived ungrounded conductors. The supply-side bonding jumper shall be permitted to be of nonflexible metal raceway type or of the wire or bus type as follows:
(1) A supply-side bonding jumper of the wire type shall comply with 250.102(C), based on the size of the derived ungrounded conductors.
(2) A supply-side bonding jumper of the bus type shall have a cross-sectional arca not smaller than a supply-side bond- ing jumper of the wire type as determined in 250.102(C).
Exception: A supply-side bonding jumper shall not be required between enclosures for installations made in compliance with 250.30(A)(1), Exception No. 2.
(3) Grounded Conductor. If a grounded conductor is installed and the system bonding jumper connection is not located at the source, 250.30(A) (3) (a) through (A) (3) (d) shall apply. The grounded conductor shall not be required to be larger than the derived ungrounded conductors.
(a) Sizing for a Single Raceway. The grounded conductor shall not be smaller than specified in Table 250.102(C) (1).
(b) Conductors Connected in Parallel in Two or More Raceways 01 Cables. If the ungrounded conductors are connected in paral- lel in two or more raceways or cables, the grounded conductors shall also be installed in cach raceway or cable and shall be connected in parallel. The size of the grounded conductor(s) in cach raceway or cable shall be based on the largest derived ungrounded conductor in cach raceway or cable, or the sum of the circular mil arcas of the largest derived ungrounded conductors from cach set connected in parallel in cach raceway or cable, in accordance with 250.30(A) (3) (a), but not smaller than 1/0 AWG.
Informational Note: See 310.10(G) for grounded conductors connected in parallel.
(c) Delta-Connected System. The grounded conductor of a 3-phase, 3-wire delta system shall have an ampacity not less than that of the ungrounded conductors.
(d) Impedance Grounded System. The impedance ground- ing conductor of an impedance grounded system shall be installed in accordance with 250.36 or 250.187, as applicable.
(4) Grounding Electrode. The building or structure ground- ing electrode system shall be used as the grounding electrode
for the separately derived system. If located outdoors, the grounding electrode shall be in accordance with 250.30(C).
Exception: If a separately derived system originates in equipment that is listed and identified as suitable for use as service equipment, the grounding electrode used for the service or feeder equipment shall be permitted to be used as the grounding electrode for the separately derived system.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.104(D) for bonding require- ments for interior metal water piping in the area served by sepa- rately derived systems.
Informational Note No. 2: See 250.50 and 250.58 for require- ments for bonding all electrodes together if located at the same building or structure.
(5) Grounding Electrode Conductor, Single Separately Derived System. A grounding electrode conductor for a single sepa- rately derived system shall be sized in accordance with 250.66 for the derived ungrounded conductors. It shall be used to connect the grounded conductor of the derived system to the grounding electrode in accordance with 250.30(A) (4), or as permitted in 250.68(C) (1) and (C) (2). This connection shall be made at the same point on the separately derived system where the system bonding jumper is connected.
Exception No. 1: If the system bonding jumper specified in 250.30(A) (1) is a wire or busbar, it shall be permitted to connect the grounding electrode conductor to the equipment grounding terminal, bar, or bus if the equipment grounding terminal, bar, or bus is of sufficient size for the separately derived system.
Exception No. 2: If the source of a separately derived system is located within equipment listed and identified as suitable for use as service equipment, the grounding electrode conductor from the service or feeder equipment to the grounding electrode shall be permitted as the ground- ing electrode conductor for the separately derived system, af the ground- ing electrode conductor is of sufficient size for the separately derived system. If the equipment grounding bus internal to the equipment is not smaller than the required grounding electrode conductor for the sepa- rately derived system, the grounding electrode connection for the sepa- rately derived system shall be permitted to be made to the bus.
Exception No. 3: A grounding electrode conductor shall not be required for a system that supplies a Class 1, Class 2, or Class 3 circuit and is derived from a transformer rated not more than 1000 volt-amperes, provided the grounded conductor is bonded to the transformer frame or enclosure by a jumper sized in accordance with 250.30(A)(1), Excep- tion No. 3, and the transformer frame or enclosure is grounded by one of the means specified in 250.134.
(6) Grounding Electrode Conductor, Multiple Separately Derived Systems. A common grounding electrode conductor for multiple separately derived systems shall be permitted. If installed, the common grounding electrode conductor shall be used to connect the grounded conductor of cach separately derived system to the grounding electrode as specified in 250.30(A) (4). A grounding electrode conductor tap shall then be installed from cach separately derived system to the common grounding electrode conductor. Each tap conductor shall connect the grounded conductor of the separately derived system to the common grounding electrode conductor. This connection shall be made at the same point on the sepa- rately derived system where the system bonding jumper is connected.
Exception No. 1: If the system bonding jumper specified in 250.30(A) (1) is a wire or busbar, it shall be permitted to connect the grounding
70-142
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.32
electrode conductor tap to the equipment grounding terminal, bar, or bus, provided the equipment grounding terminal, bar, or bus is of su ffi- cient size for the separately derived system.
Exception No. 2: A grounding electrode conductor shall not be required for a system that supplies a Class 1, Class 2, or Class 3 circuit and is derived from a transformer rated not more than 1000 volt-amperes, provided the system grounded conductor is bonded to the transformer frame or enclosure by a jumper sized in accordance with 250.30(A)(1), Exception No. 3, and the transformer frame or enclosure is grounded by one of the means specified in 250.134.
Exception No. 3: If the source of a separately derived system is located within equipment listed and identified as suitable for use as service equipment, the grounding electrode conductor from the service or feeder equipment to the grounding electrode shall be permitted as the ground- ing electrode conductor for the separately derived system, if the ground- ing electrode conductor is of sufficient size for the separately derived system. If the equipment grounding bus internal to the equipment is not smaller than the required grounding electrode conductor for the sepa- rately derived system, the grounding electrode connection for the sepa- rately derived system shall be permitted to be made to the bus.
(a) Common Grounding Electrode Conductor. The common grounding electrode conductor shall be permitted to be one of the following:
(1) A conductor of the wire type not smaller than 3/0 AWG copper or 250 kcmil aluminum
(2) A metal water pipe in accordance with 250.68(C) (1)
(3) The metal structural frame of the building or structure in accordance with 250.68(C) (2) or is connected to the grounding electrode system by a conductor not smaller than 3/0 AWG copper or 250 kcmil aluminum
(b) Tap Conductor Size. Each tap conductor shall be sized in accordance with 250.66 based on the derived ungrounded conductors of the separately derived system it serves.
Exception to (a)( 1) and (b): If the only electrodes that are present are of the types in 250.66(A), (B), or (C), the size of the common grounding electrode conductor shall not be required to be larger than the largest conductor required by 250.66(A), (B), or (C) for the type of electrode that is present.
(c) Connections. All tap connections to the common grounding electrode conductor shall be made at an accessible location by one of the following methods:
(1) A connector listed as grounding and bonding equipment.
(2) Listed connections to aluminum or copper busbars not smaller than 6 mm thick x 50 mm wide (1/4 in. thick x 2 in. wide) and of a length to accommodate the number of terminations necessary for the installation. If aluminum busbars are used, the installation shall also be in accord- ance with 250.64(A).
(3) The exothermic welding process.
Tap conductors shall be connected to the common ground- ing electrode conductor in such a manner that the common grounding electrode conductor remains without a splice or joint.
(7) Installation. The installation of all grounding electrode conductors shall comply with 250.64(A), (B), (C), and (E).
(8) Bonding. Structural steel and metal piping shall bc connected to the grounded conductor of a separately derived system in accordance with 250.104(D).
(B) Ungrounded Systems. The equipment of an ungrounded separately derived system shall be grounded and bonded as specified in 250.30(B) (1) through (B) (3).
(1) Grounding Electrode Conductor. A grounding electrode conductor, sized in accordance with 250.66 for the largest derived ungrounded conductor(s) or set of derived ungroun- ded conductors, shall be used to connect the metal enclosures of the derived system to the grounding electrode as specified in 250.30(A) (5) or (A) (6), as applicable. This connection shall be made at any point on the separately derived system from the source to the first system disconnecting means. If the source is located outside the building or structure supplied, a grounding electrode connection shall be made in compliance with 250.30(C).
(2) Grounding Electrode. Except as permitted by 250.34 for portable and vehicle-mounted generators, the grounding elec- trode shall comply with 250.30(A) (4).
(3) Bonding Path and Conductor. A supply-side bonding jumper shall be installed from the source of a separately derived system to the first disconnecting means in compliance with 250.30(A) (2).
(C) Outdoor Source. If the source of the separately derived system is located outside the building or structure supplied, a grounding electrode connection shall be made at the source location to one or more grounding electrodes in accordance with 250.50. In addition, the installation shall be in accordance with 250.30(A) for grounded systems or with 250.30(B) for ungrounded systems.
Exception: The grounding electrode conductor connection for impedance grounded systems shall be in accordance with 250.36 or 250.187, as applicable.
250.32 Buildings or Structures Supplied by a Feeder(s) or Branch Circuit(s).
(A) Grounding Electrode System and Grounding Electrode Conductor. A building(s) or structure(s) supplied by a feeder(s) or branch circuit(s) shall have a grounding electrode system and grounding electrode conductor installed in accord- ance with Part III of Article 250.
Exception: A grounding electrode system and grounding electrode conductor shall not be required if only a single branch circuit, includ- ing a multiwire branch circuit, supplies the building or structure and the branch circuit includes an equipment grounding conductor for grounding the normally non-current-carrying metal parts of equipment.
(B) Grounded Systems.
(1) Supplied by a Feeder or Branch Circuit. An equipment grounding conductor, as described in 250.118, shall be run with the supply conductors and be connected to the building or structure disconnecting means and to the grounding elec- trode(s). The equipment grounding conductor shall be used for grounding or bonding of equipment, structures, or frames required to be grounded or bonded. The equipment ground- ing conductor shall be sized in accordance with 250.122. Any installed grounded conductor shall not be connected to the equipment grounding conductor or to the grounding elec- trode(s).
Exception No. 1: For installations made in compliance with previous editions of this Code that permitted such connection, the grounded conductor run with the supply to the building or structure shall be
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-143
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
250.32
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
permitted to serve as the ground-fault return path if all of the following requirements continue to be met:
(1) An equipment grounding conductor is not run with the supply to the building or structure.
(2) There are no continuous metallic paths bonded to the grounding system in each building or structure involved.
(3) Ground-fault protection of equipment has not been installed on the supply side of the feeder(s).
If the grounded conductor is used for grounding in accordance with the provision of this exception, the size of the grounded conductor shall not be smaller than the larger of either of the following:
(1) The calculated neutral load in accordance with 220.61 (2) The minimum equipment grounding conductor sized in accord- ance with 250.122
Exception No. 2: If system bonding jumpers are installed in accordance with 250.30(A)(1), Exception No. 2, the feeder grounded circuit conductor at the building or structure served shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductors, grounding electrode conductor, and the enclosure for the first disconnecting means.
(2) Supplied by Separately Derived System.
(a) With Overcurrent Protection. If overcurrent protection is provided where the conductors originate, the installation shall comply with 250.32(B) (1).
(b) Without Overcurrent Protection. If overcurrent protec- tion is not provided where the conductors originate, the instal- lation shall comply with 250.30(A). If installed, the supply-side bonding jumper shall be connected to the building or struc- ture disconnecting means and to the grounding electrode (s).
(C) Ungrounded Systems.
(1) Supplied by a Feeder or Branch Circuit. An equipment grounding conductor, as described in 250.118, shall be instal- led with the supply conductors and be connected to the build- ing or structure disconnecting means and to the grounding electrode (s). The grounding electrode(s) shall also be connec- ted to the building or structure disconnecting means:
(2) Supplied by a Separately Derived System.
(a) With Overcurrent Protection. If overcurrent protection is provided where the conductors originate, the installation shall comply with 250.32(C) (1).
(b) Without Overcurrent Protection. If overcurrent protec- tion is not provided where the conductors originate, the instal- lation shall comply with 250.30(B). If installed, the supply-side bonding jumper shall be connected to the building or struc- ture disconnecting means and to the grounding electrode (s).
(D) Disconnecting Means Located in Separate Building or Structure on the Same Premises. If one or more disconnecting means supply one or more additional buildings or structures under single management, and where these disconnecting means are located remote from those buildings or structures in accordance with 225.31 (B), Exception No. 1 and No. 2, 700.12(D)(4), 701.12(D) (3), or 702.12, all of the following conditions shall be met:
(1) The connection of the grounded conductor to the grounding electrode, to normally non-current-carrying metal parts of equipment, or to the equipment ground- ing conductor at a separate building or structure shall not be made.
(2) An equipment grounding conductor for grounding and bonding any normally non-current-carrying metal parts of
equipment, interior metal piping systems, and building or structural metal frames is run with the circuit conductors to a separate building or structure and connected to exist- ing grounding electrode(s) required in Part III of this article, or, if there are no existing electrodes, the ground- ing electrode(s) required in Part III of this article shall be installed if a separate building or structure is supplied by more than one branch circuit.
(3) The connection between the equipment grounding conductor and the grounding electrode at a separate building or structure shall be made in a junction box, panelboard, or similar enclosure located immediately inside or outside the separate building or structure.
(E) Grounding Electrode Conductor. The size of the ground- ing electrode conductor to the grounding electrode(s) shall not be smaller than given in 250.66, based on the largest ungrounded supply conductor. The installation shall comply with Part III of this article.
250.34 Portable, Vehicle-Mounted, and Tr Trailer-Mounted Generators.
(A) Portable Generators. The frame of a portable generator shall not be required to be connected to a grounding electrode as defined in 250.52 for a system supplied by the generator under both of the following conditions:
(1) The generator supplies only equipment mounted on the generator, cord-and-plug-connected equipment through receptacles mounted on the generator, or both.
(2) The normally non-current-carrying metal parts of cquip- ment and the equipment grounding conductor terminals of the receptacles are connected to the generator frame.
(B) Vehicle-Mounted and Trailer-Mounted Generators. The frame of a vehicle or trailer shall not be required to be connec- ted to a grounding electrode as defined in 250.52 for a system supplied by a generator located on this vehicle or trailer under all of the following conditions:
(1) The frame of the generator is bonded to the vehicle or trailer framc.
(2) The generator supplies only equipment located on the vehicle or trailer; cord-and-plug-connected equipment through receptacles mounted on the vehicle; or both equipment located on the vehicle or trailer and cord-and- plug-connected equipment through receptacles mounted on the vehicle, trailer, or on the generator.
(3) The normally non-current-carrying metal parts of equip- ment and the equipment grounding conductor terminals of the receptacles are connected to the generator frame.
(C) Grounded Conductor Bonding. A conductor that is required to be grounded by 250.26 shall be connected to the generator frame if the generator is a component of a separately derived system.
Informational Note: See 250.30 for grounding portable genera- tors supplying fixed wiring systems.
250.35 Permanently Installed Generators. A conductor that provides an effective ground-fault current path shall be instal- led with the supply conductors from a permanently installed generator(s) to the first disconnecting mean(s) in accordance with 250.35(A) or (B).
70-144
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.52
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
(A) Separately Derived System. If the generator is installed as a separately derived system, the requirements in 250.30 shall apply.
(B) Nonseparately Derived System. If the generator is instal- led as a nonseparately derived system, and overcurrent protec- tion is not integral with the generator assembly, a supply-side bonding jumper shall be installed between the generator equipment grounding terminal and the equipment grounding terminal, bar, or bus of the disconnecting mean (s). It shall be sized in accordance with 250.102(C) based on the size of the conductors supplied by the generator.
250.36 Impedance Grounded Systems - 480 Volts to 1000 Volts. Impedance grounded systems in which a ground- ing impedance device, typically a resistor, limits the ground- fault current shall be permitted for 3-phase ac systems of 480 volts to 1000 volts if all the following conditions are met:
(1) The conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation.
(2) Ground detectors are installed on the system.
(3) Linc-to-neutral loads are not served.
Impedance grounded systems shall comply with 250.36(A) through (G).
Informational Note: See NFPA 706-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, Annex O, for information on impedance grounding to reduce arc-flash hazards.
(A) Location. The grounding impedance device shall be installed between the grounding electrode conductor and the impedance grounding conductor connected to the system neutral point. If a neutral point is not available, the grounding impedance shall be installed between the grounding electrode conductor and the impedance grounding conductor connec- ted to the neutral point derived from a grounding transfonner.
(B) Impedance Grounding Conductor Insulation and Ampac- ity. The impedance grounding conductor from the neutral point of the transformer or generator to its connection point to the grounding impedance shall be fully insulated.
The impedance grounding conductor shall have an ampacity of not less than the maximum current rating of the grounding impedance but in no case shall the impedance grounding conductor be smaller than 8 AWG copper or 6 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(C) System Grounding Connection. The system shall not be connected to ground except through the grounding impe- dance device.
Informational Note: The impedance is normally selected to limit the ground-fault current to a value slightly greater than or equal to the capacitive charging current of the system. This value of impedance will also limit transient overvoltages to safe values. For guidance, refer to criteria for limiting transient overvoltages in IEEE 3003.1-2019, Recommended Practice for System Grounding of Industrial and Commercial Power Systems.
(D) Impedance Grounding Conductor Routing. The impe- dance grounding conductor shall be permitted to be installed in a separate raceway from the ungrounded conductors. It shall not be required to run this conductor with the phase conduc- tors to the first system disconnecting means or overcurrent device.
(E) Impedance Bonding Jumper. The impedance bonding jumper (the connection between the equipment grounding
conductors and the grounding impedance device) shall be an unspliced conductor run from the first system disconnecting means or overcurrent device to the grounded side of the grounding impedance device.
(F) Grounding Electrode Conductor Connection Location. For services or separately derived systems, the grounding elec- trode conductor shall be connected at any point from the grounded side of the grounding impedance device to the equipment grounding connection at the service equipment or the first system disconnecting means of a separately derived system.
(G) Impedance Bonding Jumper Size. The impedance bond- ing jumper shall be sized in accordance with either of the following:
(1) If the grounding electrode conductor connection is made at the grounding impedance device, the equipment bonding jumper shall be sized in accordance with 250.66, based on the size of the service entrance conductors for a service or the derived phase conductors for a separately derived system.
(2) If the grounding electrode conductor is connected at the first system disconnecting means or overcurrent device, the impedance bonding jumper shall be sized the same as the impedance grounding conductor in 250.36(B).
Part III. Grounding Electrode System and Grounding Elec- trode Conductor
250.50 Grounding Electrode System. All grounding electrodes as described in 250.52(A) (1) through (A) (7) that are present at cach building or structure served shall be bonded together to form the grounding electrode system. If none of these grounding electrodes exist, one or more of the grounding elec- trodes specified in 250.52(A) (4) through (A) (8) shall be installed and used.
Exception: Concrete-enrased electrodes of existing buildings or structures shall not be required to be part of the grounding electrode system if the rebar is not accessible for use without disturbing the concrete.
250.52 Grounding Electrodes.
(A) Electrodes Permitted for Grounding.
(1) Metal Underground Water Pipe. A metal underground water pipe in direct contact with the carth for 3.0 m (10 ft) or more (including any metal well casing bonded to the pipe) and electrically continuous (or made electrically continuous by bonding around insulating joints or insulating pipe) to the points of connection of the grounding electrode conductor and the bonding conductor(s) or jumper(s), if installed.
(2) Metal In-ground Support Structure(s). One or more metal in-ground support structure(s) in direct contact with the carth vertically for 3.0 m (10 ft) or more, with or without concrete cncasement. If multiple metal in-ground support structures are present at a building or a structure, it shall be permissible to bond only one into the grounding electrode system.
Informational Note: Metal in-ground support structures include, but are not limited to, pilings, casings, and other structural metal.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-145
250.52
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
(3) Concrete-Encased Electrode. A concrete-encased electrode shall consist of at least 6.0 m (20 ft) of cither of the following:
(1) One or more bare or zinc galvanized or other electrically conductive coated rebar of not less than 13 mm (1/9 in.) in diameter, installed in one continuous 6.0 m (20 ft) length, or if in multiple pieces, the rebar shall be connec- ted together by steel tic wires, exothermic welding, weld- ing, or other effective means to create a 6.0 m (20 ft) or greater length
(2) Bare copper conductor not smaller than 4 AWG
Metal components shall be encased by at least 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete and shall be located horizontally within that portion of a concrete foundation or footing that is in direct contact with the carth or within vertical foundations or struc- tural components or members that are in direct contact with the carth. If multiple concrete-encased electrodes are present at a building or structure, it shall be permissible to bond only one into the grounding electrode system.
Informational Note: Concrete installed with insulation, vapor barriers, films, or similar items separating the concrete from the earth is not considered to be in "direct contact" with the earth.
(4) Ground Ring. A ground ring encircling the building or structure, in direct contact with the carth, consisting of at least 6.0 m (20 ft) of bare copper conductor not smaller than 2 AWG.
(5) Rod and Pipe Electrodes. Rod and pipe electrodes shall not be less than 2.44 m (8 ft) in length and consist of the following materials.
(1) Grounding electrodes of pipe or conduit shall not be smaller than metric designator 21 (trade size 3/4) and, where of steel, shall have the outer surface galvanized or otherwise metal-coated for corrosion protection.
(2) Rod-type grounding electrodes of stainless steel and copper or zinc-coated steel shall be at least 15.87 mm (5% in.) in diameter, unless listed.
(6) Other Listed Electrodes. Other listed grounding electro- des shall be permitted.
(7) Plate Electrodes. Each plate electrode shall expose not less than 0.186 m2 (2 ft2) of surface to exterior soil. Electrodes of bare or electrically conductive coated iron or steel plates shall be at least 6.4 mm (1/4 in.) in thickness. Solid, uncoated electro- des of nonferrous metal shall be at least 1.5 mm (0.06 in.) in thickness.
(8) Other Local Metal Underground Systems or Structures. Other local metal underground systems or structures such as piping systems, underground tanks, and underground metal well casings that are not bonded to a metal water pipe.
(B) Not Permitted for Use as Grounding Electrodes. The following systems and materials shall not be used as grounding electrodes:
(1) Metal underground gas piping systems
(2) Aluminum
(3) The structures and structural rebar described in 680.26(B)(1) and (B)(2)
Informational Note: See 250.104(B) for bonding requirements of gas piping.
250.53 Grounding Electrode System Installation.
(A) Rod, Pipe, and Plate Electrodes. Rod, pipc, and plate elec- trodes shall be free from nonconductive coatings such as paint or cnamel. Rod, pipc, and plate electrodes shall meet the requirements of 250.53(A) (1) through (A)(3).
(1) Below Permanent Moisture Level. If practicable, rod, pipc, and plate electrodes shall be embedded below permanent moisture level.
(2) Supplemental Electrode Required. A single rod, pipe, or plate electrode shall be supplemented by an additional elec- trode of a type specified in 250.52(A) (2) through (A) (8). The supplemental electrode shall be permitted to be bonded to one of the following:
(1) Rod, pipe, or plate electrode
(2) Grounding electrode conductor
(3) Grounded service-entrance conductor
(4) Nonflexible grounded service raceway
(5) Any grounded service enclosure
Exception: If a single rod, pipe, or plate grounding electrode has a resistance to earth of 25 ohms or less, the supplemental electrode shall not be required.
(3) Supplemental Electrode. If multiple rod, pipe, or plate electrodes are installed to meet the requirements of this section, they shall not be less than 1.8 m (6 ft) apart.
Informational Note: The paralleling efficiency of rods is increased by spacing them twice the length of the longest rod.
(4) Rod and Pipe Electrodes. The electrode shall be installed such that at least 2.44 m (8 ft) of length is in contact with the soil. It shall be driven to a depth of not less than 2.44 m (8 ft) except that, where rock bottom is encountered, the electrode shall be driven at an oblique angle not to exceed 45 degrees from the vertical or, where rock bottom is encountered at an angle up to 45 degrees, the electrode shall be permitted to be buried in a trench that is at least 750 mm (30 in.) decp. The upper end of the electrode shall be flush with or below ground level unless the aboveground end and the grounding electrode conductor attachment are protected against physical damage as specified in 250.10.
(5) Plate Electrode. Plate electrodes shall be installed not less than 750 mm (30 in.) below the surface of the carth.
(B) Electrode Spacing. If more than one of the electrodes of the type specified in 250.52(A) (5) or (A) (7) are used, cach electrode of one grounding system (including that used for strike termination devices) shall not be less than 1.83 m (6 ft) from any other electrode of another grounding system.
(C) Bonding Jumper. The bonding jumper(s) used to connect the grounding electrodes together to form the grounding elec- trode system shall be installed in accordance with 250.64(A), (B), and (E), shall be sized in accordance with 250.66, and shall be connected in the manner specified in 250.70. Rebar shall not be used as a conductor to interconnect the electrodes of grounding electrode systems.
(D) Metal Underground Water Pipe. If used as a grounding electrode, metal underground water pipe shall meet the requirements of 250.53(D) (1) and (D) (2).
70-146
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.64
(1) Continuity. Continuity of the grounding path or the bond- ing connection to interior piping shall not rely on water meters or filtering devices and similar equipment.
(2) Supplemental Electrode Required. A metal underground water pipe shall be supplemented by an additional electrode of a type specified in 250.52(A) (2) through (A) (8). If the supple- mental electrode is of the rod, pipe, or plate type, it shall comply with 250.53(A). The supplemental electrode shall be bonded to one of the following:
(1) Grounding electrode conductor
(2) Grounded service-entrance conductor
(3) Nonflexible grounded service raceway
(4) Any grounded service enclosure
(5) As provided by 250.32(B)
Exception: The supplemental electrode shall be permitted to be bonded to the interior metal water piping as specified in 250.68(C)(1).
(E) Supplemental Grounding Electrode Bonding Jumper Size. If the supplemental electrode is a rod, pipe, or plate electrode, that portion of the bonding jumper that is the sole connection to the supplemental grounding electrode shall not be required to be larger than 6 AWG copper wire or 4 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum wirc.
(F) Ground Ring. The ground ring shall be installed not less than 750 mm (30 in.) below the surface of the carth.
250.54 Auxiliary Grounding Electrodes. One or more ground- ing electrodes shall be permitted to be connected to the equip- ment grounding conductors specified in 250.118 and shall not be required to comply with the electrode bonding require- ments of 250.50 or 250.53(C) or the resistance requirements of 250.53(A) (2) Exception, but the carth shall not be used as an effective ground-fault current path as specified in 250.4(A) (5) and (B) (4).
250.58 Common Grounding Electrode. If an ac system is connected to a grounding electrode in or at a building or struc- turc, the same electrode shall be used to ground conductor enclosures and equipment in or on that building or structure. If separate services, feeders, or branch circuits supply a build- ing and are required to be connected to a grounding clec- trode(s), the same grounding electrode (s) shall be used.
250.60 Use of Strike Termination Devices. Conductors and driven pipes, rods, or plate electrodes used for grounding strike termination devices shall not be used in licu of the grounding electrodes required by 250.50 for grounding wiring systems and equipment. This provision shall not prohibit the required bonding together of grounding electrodes of differ- cnt systems.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.106 for the bonding require- ment of the lightning protection system components to the building or structure grounding electrode system.
Informational Note No. 2: Bonding together of all separate grounding electrodes will limit voltage differences between them and between their associated wiring systems.
250.62 Grounding Electrode Conductor Material. Thc grounding electrode conductor shall be of copper, aluminum, copper-clad aluminum, or the items as permitted in 250.68(C). The material selected shall be resistant to any corrosive condi- tion existing at the installation or shall be protected against corrosion. Conductors of the wire type shall be solid or stran- ded, insulated, covered, or barc.
250.64 Grounding Electrode Conductor Installation. Ground- ing electrode conductors at the service, at cach building or structure where supplied by a feeder(s) or branch circuit(s), or at a separately derived system shall be installed as specified in 250.64(A) through (G).
(A) Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum Conductors. Grounding electrode conductors of bare, covered, or insulated aluminum or copper-clad aluminum shall comply with the following:
(1) Bare or covered conductors without an extruded poly- meric covering shall not be installed where subject to corrosive conditions or be installed in direct contact with concrete.
(2) Terminations made within outdoor enclosures that are listed and identified for the environment shall be permit- ted within 450 mm (18 in.) of the bottom of the enclo- surc.
(3) Aluminum or copper-clad aluminum conductors external to buildings or equipment enclosures shall not be termi- nated within 450 mm (18 in.) of the carth.
(B) Securing and Protection Against Physical Damage. If exposed, a grounding electrode conductor or its enclosure shall be securely fastened to the surface on which it is carried. Grounding electrode conductors shall be permitted to be installed on or through framing members.
(1) .Not Exposed to Physical Damage. A 6 AWG or larger copper, copper-clad aluminum, or aluminum grounding elec- trode conductor not exposed to physical damage shall be permitted to be run along the surface of the building construc- tion without metal covering or protection.
(2) Exposed to Physical Damage. A 6 AWG or larger copper, copper-clad aluminum, or aluminum grounding electrode conductor exposed to physical damage shall be protected in rigid metal conduit (R.MC), intermediate metal conduit (IMC), Schedule 80 rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), reinforced thermosetting resin conduit Type XW (RTRC-XW), electrical metallic tubing (EMT), or cable armor.
(3) Smaller Than 6 AWG. Grounding electrode conductors smaller than 6 AWG shall be protected in RMC, IMC, Sched- ule 80 PVC, RTRC-XW, EMT, or cable armor.
(4) In Contact with the Earth. Grounding electrode conduc- tors and grounding electrode bonding jumpers in contact with the carth shall not be required to comply with 300.5 or 305.15, but shall be buried or otherwise protected if subject to physical damage.
(C) Continuous. Except as provided in 250.30(A)(5) and (A)(6), 250.30(B)(1), and 250.68(C), grounding electrode conductor(s) shall be installed in one continuous length with- out a splice or joint. If necessary, splices or connections shall be made as permitted in the following:
(1) Splicing of the wire-type grounding electrode conductor shall be permitted only by irreversible compression-type connectors listed as grounding and bonding equipment or by the exothermic welding process.
(2) Sections of busbars shall be permitted to be connected together to form a grounding electrode conductor.
(3) Bolted, riveted, or welded connections of structural metal frames of buildings or structures.
(4) Threaded, welded, brazed, soldered or bolted-flange connections of metal water piping.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-147
250.64
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
(D) Building or Structure with Multiple Disconnecting Means in Separate Enclosures. If a building or structure is supplied by a service or feeder with two or more disconnecting means in separate enclosures, the grounding electrode connections shall be made in accordance with 250.64(D) (1), (D) (2), or (D) (3).
(1) Common Grounding Electrode Conductor and Taps. A common grounding electrode conductor and grounding elec- trode conductor taps shall be installed. The common ground- ing electrode conductor shall be sized in accordance with 250.66, based on the sum of the circular mil arca of the largest ungrounded conductor(s) of cach set of conductors that supplies the disconnecting means. If the service-entrance conductors connect directly to the overhead service conduc- tors, service drop, underground service conductors, or service lateral, the common grounding electrode conductor shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.66, note 1.
A grounding electrode conductor tap shall extend to the inside of cach disconnecting means enclosure. The grounding electrode conductor taps shall be sized in accordance with 250.66 for the largest service-entrance or feeder conductor serving the individual enclosure. The tap conductors shall be connected to the common grounding electrode conductor by one of the following methods in such a manner that the common grounding electrode conductor remains without a splice or joint:
(1) Exothermic welding.
(2) Connectors listed as grounding and bonding equipment.
(3) Connections to an aluminum or copper busbar not less than 6 mm thick x 50 mm wide (1/4 in. thick x 2 in. wide) and of a length to accommodate the number of termina- tions necessary for the installation. The busbar shall be securely fastened and shall be installed in an accessible location. Connections shall be made by a listed connector or by the exothermic welding process. If aluminum busbars are used, the installation shall comply with 250.64(A).
(2) Individual Grounding Electrode Conductors. A grounding electrode conductor shall be connected between the ground- ing electrode system and one or more of the following, as appli- cable:
(1) Grounded conductor in cach service equipment discon- necting means enclosure
(2) Equipment grounding conductor installed with the feeder(s) or branch circuit(s) for other than services
(3) Supply-side bonding jumper
Each grounding electrode conductor shall be sized in accordance with 250.66 based on the service-entrance or feeder conductor(s) supplying the individual disconnecting means.
(3) Common Location. A grounding electrode conductor shall be connected in a wireway or other accessible enclosure on the supply side of the disconnecting means to one or more of the following, as applicable:
(1) Grounded service conductor(s)
(2) Equipment grounding conductor installed with the feeder
(3) Supply-side bonding jumper
The connection shall be made with exothermic welding or a connector listed as grounding and bonding equipment. The grounding electrode conductor shall be sized in accordance
with 250.66 based on the service-entrance or feeder conduc- tor(s) at the common location where the connection is made.
(E) Raceways, Cable Armor, and Enclosures for Grounding Electrode Conductors.
(1) General. Ferrous metal raceways, enclosures, and cable armor for grounding electrode conductors shall be electrically continuous from the point of attachment to cabinets or equip- ment to the grounding electrode and shall be securely fastened to the ground clamp or fitting. Ferrous metal raceways, enclo- sures, and cable armor shall be bonded at cach end of the race- way or enclosure to the grounding electrode or grounding electrode conductor to create an electrically parallel path. Nonferrous metal raceways, enclosures, and cable armor shall not be required to be electrically continuous.
(2) Methods. Bonding shall be in compliance with 250.92(B) and ensured by one of the methods in 250.92(B) (2) through (B)(4).
(3) Size. The bonding jumper for a grounding electrode conductor(s), raceway(s), enclosure(s), or cable armor shall be the same size as, or larger than, the largest enclosed grounding electrode conductor.
(4) Wiring Methods. If a raceway is used as protection for a grounding electrode conductor, the installation shall comply with the requirements of the applicable raceway article.
(F) Installation to Electrode(s). Grounding electrode conduc- tor(s) and bonding jumpers interconnecting grounding elec- trodes shall be installed in accordance with one of the following. The grounding electrode conductor shall be sized for the largest grounding electrode conductor required among all the electrodes connected to it.
(1) The grounding electrode conductor shall be permitted to be run to any convenient grounding electrode available in the grounding electrode system where the other elec- trode(s), if any, is connected by bonding jumpers that are installed in accordance with 250.53(C).
(2) Grounding electrode conductor(s) shall be permitted to be run to one or more grounding electrode (s) individu- ally.
(3) Bonding jumper(s) from grounding electrode(s) shall be permitted to be connected to an aluminum or copper busbar not less than 6 mm thick x 50 mm wide (1/4 in. thick x 2 in widc.) and of sufficient length to accommo- date the number of terminations necessary for the instal- lation. The busbar shall be securely fastened and shall be installed in an accessible location. Connections shall be made by a listed connector or by the exothermic welding process. The grounding electrode conductor shall be permitted to be run to the busbar. Where aluminum busbars are used, the installation shall comply with 250.64(A).
(G) Enclosures with Ventilation Openings. Grounding clec- trode conductors shall not be installed through a ventilation opening of an enclosure.
250.66 Size of Alternating-Current Grounding Electrode Conductor. The size of the grounding electrode conductor and bonding jumper(s) for connection of grounding electro- des shall not be smaller than given in Table 250.66, except as permitted in 250.66(A) through (C).
70-148
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.68
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
Table 250.66 Grounding Electrode Conductor for Alternating- Current Systems
Size of Largest Ungrounded Conductor or Equivalent Area for Parallel Conductors (AWG/kcmil)
Size of Grounding Electrode Conductor (AWG/kcmil)
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
2 or smaller
1/0 or smaller
8
6
1 or 1/0
2/0 or 3/0
6
4
2/0 or 3/0
4/0 or 250
4
2
Over 3/0 through 350
Over 250 through 500
2
1/0
Over 350 through 600
Over 500 through 900
1/0
3/0
Over 600 through 1100
Over 900 through 1750
2/0
4/0
Over 1100
Over 1750
3/0
250
Notes:
1. If multiple sets of service-entrance conductors connect directly to a service drop, set of overhead service conductors, set of underground service conductors, or service lateral, the equivalent size of the largest service-entrance conductor shall be determined by the largest sum of the areas of the corresponding conductors of each set.
2. If there are no service-entrance conductors, the grounding electrode conductor size shall be determined by the equivalent size of the largest service-entrance conductor required for the load to be served. 3. See installation restrictions in 250.64.
(A) Connections to a Rod, Pipe, or Plate Electrode(s). If the grounding electrode conductor or bonding jumper connected to a single or multiple rod, pipe, or plate clectrode (s), or any combination thereof, as described in 250.52(A) (5) or (A) (7), does not extend on to other types of electrodes that require a larger size conductor, the grounding electrode conductor shall not be required to be larger than 6-AWG copper wire or 4 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum wirc.
(B) Connections to Concrete Encased Electrodes. If the grounding electrode conductor or bonding jumper connected to a single or multiple concrete-encased electrode(s), as described in 250.52(A) (3), does not extend on to other types of electrodes that require a larger size of conductor, the grounding electrode conductor shall not be required to be larger than 4 AWG copper wire.
(C) Connections to Ground Rings. If the grounding electrode conductor or bonding jumper connected to a ground ring, as described in 250.52(A) (4), does not extend on to other types of electrodes that require a larger size of conductor, the grounding electrode conductor shall not be required to be larger than the conductor used for the ground ring.
250.68 Grounding Electrode Conductor and Bonding Jumper Connection to Grounding Electrodes. The connection of a grounding electrode conductor at the service, at each building or structure where supplied by a fecder(s) or branch circuit(s), or at a separately derived system and associated bonding jumper(s) shall be made as specified 250.68(A) through (C).
(A) Accessibility. All mechanical clements used to terminate a grounding electrode conductor or bonding jumper to a grounding electrode shall be accessible.
Exception No. 1: An encased or buried connection to a concrete-encased, driven, or buried grounding electrode shall not be required to be accessi- ble.
Exception No. 2: Exothermic or irreversible compression connections used at terminations, together with the mechanical means used to attach such terminations to fireproofed structural metal whether or not the mechanical means is reversible, shall not be required to be accessible.
(B) Effective Grounding Path. The connection of a grounding electrode conductor or bonding jumper to a grounding elec- trode shall be made in a manner that will ensure an effective grounding path. Where necessary to ensure the grounding path for a metal piping system used as a grounding electrode, bonding shall be provided around insulated joints and around any equipment likely to be disconnected for repairs or replace- ment. Bonding jumpers shall be of sufficient length to permit removal of such equipment while retaining the integrity of the grounding path.
(C) Grounding Electrode Conductor Connections. Grounding electrode conductors and bonding jumpers shall be permitted to be connected at the following locations and used to extend the connection to an electrode (s):
(1) Interior metal water piping that is electrically continuous : with a metal underground water pipe electrode and is located not more than 1.52 m (5 ft) from the point of entrance to the building, as measured along the water piping, shall be permitted to extend the connection to an electrode(s). Interior metal water piping located more than 1.52 m (5 ft) from the point of entrance to the building, as measured along the water piping, shall not be used as a conductor to interconnect electrodes of the grounding electrode system.
Exception: In industrial, commercial, and institutional buildings or structures, if conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation, interior metal water piping located more than 1.52 m (5 ft) from the point of entrance to the building, as measured along the water piping, shall be permitted as a bonding conductor to interconnect electrodes that are part of the ground- ing electrode system, or as a grounding electrode conductor; if the entire length, other than short sections passing perpendicularly through walls, floors, or ceilings, of the interior metal water pipe that is being used for the conductor is exposed.
(2) The metal structural frame of a building shall be permit- ted to be used as a conductor to interconnect electrodes that are part of the grounding electrode system, or as a grounding electrode conductor. Hold-down bolts secur- ing the structural steel column that are connected to a concrete-encased electrode complying with 250.52(A) (3) and located in the support footing or foundation shall be permitted to connect the metal structural frame of a building or structure to the concrete-encased grounding electrode. The hold-down bolts shall be connected to the concrete-encased electrode by welding, exothermic weld- ing, steel tic wires, or other approved means.
(3) A rebar-type concrete-encased electrode installed in accordance with 250.52(A) (3) with an additional rebar section extended from its location within the concrete foundation or footing to an accessible location that is not subject to corrosion shall be permitted for connection of
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-149
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
250.70
ARTICLE 250 -GROUNDING AND BONDING
grounding electrode conductors and bonding jumpers in accordance with the following:
a. The additional rebar section shall be continuous with the grounding electrode rebar or shall be connected to the grounding electrode rebar and connected together by steel tic wires, exothermic welding, weld- ing, or other effective means.
b. The rebar extension shall not be exposed to contact with the carth without corrosion protection.
c. Rebar shall not be used as a conductor to intercon- nect the electrodes of grounding electrode systems.
250.70 Methods of Grounding and Bonding Conductor Connection to Electrodes.
(A) General. The grounding or bonding conductor shall be connected to the grounding electrode by exothermic welding, listed lugs, listed pressure connectors, listed clamps, or other listed means. Connections depending on solder shall not be used. Ground clamps shall be listed for the materials of the grounding electrode and the grounding electrode conductor and, if used on pipe, rod, or other buried electrodes, shall also be listed for direct soil burial or concrete encasement. Not more than one conductor shall be connected to the grounding electrode by a single clamp or fitting unless the clamp or fitting is listed for multiple conductors.
(B) Indoor Communications Systems. For indoor communica- tions purposes only, a listed sheet metal strap-type ground clamp having a rigid metal base that scats on the electrode and having a strap of such material and dimensions that it is not likely to stretch during or after installation shall be permitted.
Informational Note: Listed ground clamps that are identified for direct burial are also suitable for concrete encasement.
Part IV. Enclosure, Raceway, and Service Cable Connections
250.80 Service Raceways and Enclosures. Metal enclosures and raceways for service conductors and equipment shall be connected to the grounded conductor if the electrical system is grounded or to the grounding electrode conductor for electri- cal systems that are not grounded.
Exception: Metal components that are installed in a run of under- ground nonmetallic raceway(s) and are isolated from possible contact by a minimum cover of 450 mm (18 in.) to all parts of the metal compo- nents shall not be required to be connected to the grounded conductor, supply-side bonding jumper, or grounding electrode conductor.
250.84 Underground Service Cable or Raceway.
(A) Underground Service Cable. The sheath or armor of a continuous underground metal-shcathed or armored service cable system that is connected to the grounded conductor on the supply side shall not be required to be connected to the grounded conductor at the building or structure. The sheath or armor shall be permitted to be insulated from the interior metal raceway or piping.
(B) Underground Service Raceway Containing Cable. An underground metal service raceway that contains a metal- shcathed or armored cable connected to the grounded conductor shall not be required to be connected to the groun- ded conductor at the building or structure. The sheath or armor shall be permitted to be insulated from the interior metal raceway or piping.
250.86 Other Conductor Enclosures and Raceways. Except as permitted by 250.112(I), metal enclosures and raceways for other than service conductors shall be connected to the equip- ment grounding conductor.
Exception No. 1: Metal enclosures and raceways for conductors added to existing installations of open wire, knob-and-tube wiring, and nonmetallic-sheathed cable shall not be required to be connected to the equipment grounding conductor if these enclosures or wiring methods comply with all the following:
(1) Do not provide an equipment ground
(2) Are in runs of less than 7.5 m (25 ft)
(3) Are free from probable contact with ground, grounded metal, metal lath, or other conductive material
(4) Are guarded against contact by persons
Exception No. 2: Short sections of metal enclosures or raceways used to provide support or protection of cable assemblies from physical damage shall not be required to be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
Exception No. 3: Metal components shall not be required to be connec- ted to the equipment grounding conductor or supply-side bonding jumper if either of the following conditions exist:
(1) The metal components are installed in a run of nonmetallic race- way(s) and isolated from possible contact by a minimum cover of 450 mm (18 in.) to any part of the metal components.
(2) The metal components are part of an installation of nonmetallic rareway(s) and are isolated from possible contact to any part of the metal components by being encased in not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete.
Part V. Bonding
250.90 General. Bonding shall be provided if necessary to ensure electrical continuity and the capacity to conduct safely any fault current likely to be imposed.
250.92 Services.
(A) Bonding of Equipment for Services. The normally non- current-carrying metal parts of equipment indicated in the following shall be bonded together:
(1) All raccways, cable trays, cablebus framework, auxiliary gutters, or service cable armor or sheath that enclose, contain, or support service conductors, except as permit- ted in 250.80
(2) All enclosures containing service conductors, including meter fittings, boxes, or the like, interposed in the service raceway or armor
(B) Method of Bonding at the Service. Bonding jumpers meeting the requirements of this article shall be used around impaired connections, such as reducing washers or oversized, concentric, or eccentric knockouts. Standard locknuts or bush- ings shall not be the only means for the bonding required by this section but shall be permitted to be installed to make a mechanical connection of the raceway(s).
Electrical continuity at service equipment, service raceways, and service conductor enclosures shall be ensured by one or more of the following methods:
(1) Bonding equipment to the grounded service conductor by an applicable method in 250.8(A)
70-150
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.97
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
(2) Connections made up wrenchtight using threaded couplings, threaded entries, or listed threaded huhs on enclosures
(3) Threadless couplings and connectors if made up tight for metal raceways and metal-clad cables
(4) Other listed devices, such as bonding-type locknuts, bush- ings, or bushings with bonding jumpers
250.94 Bonding for Communications Systems. Communica- tions system bonding conductor terminations shall be connec- ted in accordance with 250.94(A) or (B).
(A) The Intersystem Bonding Termination Device. An intersys- tem bonding termination (IBT) for connecting intersystem bonding conductors shall be provided external to enclosures at the service equipment or metering equipment enclosure and at the disconnecting means for any buildings or structures that are supplied by a feeder or branch circuit. If an IBT is used, it shall comply with the following:
(1) Be accessible for connection and inspection
(2) Consist of a set of terminals with the capacity for connec- tion of not less than three intersystem bonding conduc- tors
(3) Not interfere with opening the enclosure for a service, building or structure disconnecting means, or metering equipment
(4) Be securely mounted as follows:
a. At the service equipment, to a metal enclosure for the service equipment, to a metal meter enclosure, or to an exposed nonflexible metal service raceway, or be connected to the metal enclosure for the grounding electrode conductor with a minimum 6 AWG copper conductor
b. At the disconnecting means for a building or struc- turc that is supplied by a fecder or branch circuit, bc electrically connected to the metal enclosure for the building or structure disconnecting means, or be connected to the metal enclosure for the grounding electrode conductor with a minimum 6 AWG copper conductor
(5) Be listed as grounding and bonding equipment
Exception: In existing buildings or structures, if any of the intersystem bonding and grounding electrode conductors required by 770.100(B) (2), 800.100(B)(2), 810.21(F)(2), and 820.100 exist, installation of an IBT shall not be required. An accessible means external to enclosures for connecting intersystem bonding and grounding electrode conductors shall be permitted at the servire equipment and at the disconnecting means for any buildings or structures that are supplied by a feeder or branch circuit by at least one of the following means:
(1) Exposed nonflexible metal raceways
(2) An exposed grounding electrode conductor
(3) Approved means for the external connection of a copper or other corrosion-resistant bonding or grounding electrode conductor to the grounded rareway or equipment
Informational Note: See 770.100, 800.100, 810.21, and 820.100 for intersystem bonding and grounding requirements for conductive optical fiber cables, communications circuits, radio and television equipment, CATV circuits, and network-powered broadband communications systems, respectively.
(B) Other Means. Connections to an aluminum or copper busbar not less than 6 mm thick x 50 mm wide (1/4 in. thick x 2 in. wide) and of a length to accommodate at least three terminations for communication systems in addition to other
connections. The busbar shall be securely fastened and shall be installed in an accessible location. Connections shall be made by a listed connector. If aluminum busbars are used, the instal- lation shall also comply with 250.64(A). The busbar shall be connected to the grounding electrode system by a conductor that is the larger of the following:
(1) The largest grounding electrode conductor that is connected to the busbar
(2) As required or permitted in 250.94(A)
Exception to (A) and (B): Means for connecting intersystem bonding conductors are not required af communications systems are not likely to be used in or on the building or structure.
Informational Note: The use of an IBT can reduce electrical noise on communication systems.
250.96 Bonding Other Enclosures.
(A) General. Metal raceways, cable trays, cable armor, cable shcath, enclosures, frames, fittings, and other metal non- current-carrying parts that are to serve as equipment ground- ing conductors, with or without the use of wire-type supplementary equipment grounding conductors, shall be bonded if necessary to ensure electrical continuity and the capacity to conduct fault current likely to be imposed on them. Any nonconductive paint, cnamel, or similar coating shall be removed at threads, contact points, and contact surfaces or shall be connected by means of fittings designed so as to make such removal unnecessary.
(B) Isolated Grounding Circuits. If installed for the reduction of electromagnetic interference on the grounding circuit, an equipment enclosure supplied by a branch circuit shall be permitted to be isolated from a raceway containing circuits supplying only that equipment by one or more listed nonmetal- lic raceway fittings located at the point of attachment of the raceway to the equipment enclosure. The metal raceway shall comply with this article and shall be supplemented by an inter- nal insulated equipment grounding conductor installed in accordance with 250.146(D) to ground the equipment enclo- surc.
Informational Note: Use of an isolated equipment grounding conductor does not relieve the requirement for grounding the raceway system.
250.97 Bonding for Over 250 Volts to Ground. For circuits of over 250 volts to ground, the electrical continuity of metal race- ways and cables with metal sheaths that contain any conductor other than service conductors shall be ensured by one or more of the methods specified for services in 250.92(B), except for (B)(1).
Exception: If oversized, concentric, or ercentric knockouts are not encountered, or if a box or enclosure with concentric or eccentric knock- outs is listed to provide a reliable bonding connection, the following methods shall be permitted:
(1) Threadless couplings and connectors for cables with metal sheaths
(2) Two locknuts, on rigid metal conduit or intermediate metal conduit, one inside and one outside of boxes and cabinets
(3) Fittings with shoulders that seat tightly against the box or cabi- net, such as electrical metallic tubing connectors, flexible metal conduit connectors, and cable connectors, with one locknut on the inside of boxes and cabinets
(4) Listed fittings
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-151
250.98
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.98 Bonding Loosely Jointed Metal Raceways. Expansion, expansion-deflection, or deflection fittings and telescoping sections of metal raceways shall be made electrically continuous by equipment bonding jumpers or other means.
250.100 Bonding in Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Regard- less of the voltage of the electrical system, the electrical continuity of normally non-current-carrying metal parts of elec- trical equipment, raceways, metal-clad cable, and metal enclo- sures containing electrical equipment in any hazardous (classified) location, as defined in 500.5, 505.5, and 506.5, shall be ensured by any of the bonding methods specified in 250.92(B)(2) through (B)(4). One or more of these bonding methods shall be used whether or not equipment grounding conductors of the wire type are installed in the raceway or in a multiconductor cable assembly.
Informational Note: See 501.30, 502.30, 503.30, 505.30, or 506.30 for specific bonding requirements.
250.102 Grounded Conductor, Bonding Conductors, and Jumpers.
(A) Material. Bonding jumpers shall be of copper, aluminum, copper-clad aluminum, or other corrosion-resistant material. A bonding jumper shall be a wire, bus, screw, or similar suitable conductor.
(B) Attachment. Bonding jumpers shall be attached in the manner specified in 250.8 for circuits and equipment and in 250.70 for grounding electrodes.
(C) Size - Supply-Side Bonding Jumper.
(1) Size for Supply Conductors in a Single Raceway or Cable. The supply-side bonding jumper shall not be smaller than specified in Table 250.102(C) (1).
(2) Size for Parallel Conductor Installations in Two or More Raceways or Cables. If the ungrounded supply conductors arc connected in parallel in two or more raceways or cables, the supply-side bonding jumper shall be sized in accordance with cither of the following:
(1) An individual bonding jumper for cach raceway or cable shall be selected from Table 250.102(C) (1) based on the size of the largest ungrounded supply conductor in cach raceway or cable.
(2) A single bonding jumper installed for bonding two or more raceways or cables shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.102(C) (1) based on the sum of the circular mil arcas of the largest ungrounded conductors from cach set connected in parallel in cach raceway or cable. The size of the grounded conductor(s) in cach raceway or cable shall be based on the largest ungrounded conductor in cach raceway or cable, or the sum of the circular mil arcas of the largest ungrounded conductors from cach set connected in parallel in cach raceway or cable.
Informational Note No. 1: The term supply conductors includes ungrounded conductors that do not have overcurrent protec- tion on their supply side and tenninate at service equipment or the first disconnecting means of a separately derived system.
Informational Note No. 2: See Chapter 9, Table 8, for the circu- lar mil area of conductors 18 AWG through 4/0 AWG.
(D) Size - Equipment Bonding Jumper on Load Side of an Overcurrent Device. The equipment bonding jumper on the
Table 250.102(C)(1) Grounded Conductor, Main Bonding Jumper, System Bonding Jumper, and Supply-Side Bonding Jumper for Alternating-Current Systems
Size of Largest Ungrounded Conductor or Equivalent Area for Parallel Conductors (AWG/kcmil)
Size of Grounded Conductor or Bonding Jumper (AWG/kcmil)
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
2 or smaller
1/0 or smaller
8
6
1 or 1/0
2/0 or 3/0
6
4
2/0 or 3/0
4/0 or 250
4
2
Over 3/0 through 350
Over 250
through 500
2
1/0
Over 350 through 600
Over 500 through 900
1/0
3/0
Over 600 through 1100
Over 900 through 1750
2/0
4/0
Over 1100
Over 1750
See Notes 1 and 2.
Notes:
1. If the circular mil area of ungrounded supply conductors that are connected in parallel is larger than 1100 kcmil copper or 1750 kcmil aluminum, the grounded conductor or bonding jumper shall have an area not less than 121/2 percent of the area of the largest ungrounded supply conductor or equivalent area for parallel supply conductors. The grounded conductor or bonding jumper shall not be required to be larger than the largest ungrounded conductor or set of ungrounded conductors.
2. If the circular mil area of ungrounded supply conductors that are connected in parallel is larger than 1100 kcmil copper or 1750 kcmil aluminum and if the ungrounded supply conductors and the bonding jumper are of different materials (copper, aluminum, or copper-clad aluminum), the minimum size of the grounded conductor or bonding jumper shall be based on the assumed use of ungrounded supply conductors of the same material as the grounded conductor or bonding jumper that has an ampacity equivalent to that of the installed ungrounded supply conductors.
3. If there are no service-entrance conductors, the supply conductor size shall be determined by the equivalent size of the largest service- entrance conductor required for the load to be served.
load side of an overcurrent device(s) shall be sized in accord- ance with 250.122.
A single common continuous equipment bonding jumper shall be permitted to connect two or more raceways or cables if the bonding jumper is sized in accordance with 250.122 for the largest overcurrent device supplying circuits therein.
(E) Installation. Bonding jumpers or conductors and cquip- ment bonding jumpers shall be permitted to be installed inside or outside of a raceway or an enclosure.
(1) Inside a Raceway or an Enclosure. If installed inside a race- way, equipment bonding jumpers and bonding jumpers or conductors shall comply with the requirements of 250.119 and 250.148.
70-152
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.104
(2) Outside a Raceway or an Enclosure. If installed on the outside, the length of the bonding jumper or conductor or equipment bonding jumper shall not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft) and shall be routed with the raceway or enclosure.
Exception: An equipment bonding jumper or supply-side bonding jumper longer than 1.8 m (6 ft) shall be permitted at outside pole loca- tions for the purpose of bonding or grounding isolated sections of metal raceways or elbows installed in exposed risers of metal conduit or other metal raceway, and for bonding grounding electrodes, and shall not be required to be routed with a raceway or enclosure.
(3) Protection. Bonding jumpers or conductors and cquip- ment bonding jumpers shall be installed in accordance with 250.64(A) and (B).
250.104 Bonding of Piping Systems and Exposed Structural Metal.
(A) Metal Water Piping. The metal water piping system shall be bonded as required in 250.104(A) (1), (A)(2), or (A) (3).
(1) General. Mctal water piping system(s) installed in or attached to a building or structure shall be bonded to any of the following:
(1) Service equipment enclosure
(2) Grounded conductor at the service
(3) Grounding electrode conductor, if of sufficient size
(4) One or more grounding electrodes used, if the ground- ing electrode conductor or bonding jumper to the grounding electrode is of sufficient size
The bonding jumper(s) shall be installed in accordance with 250.64(A), (B), and (E). The points of attachment of the bond- ing jumper(s) shall be accessible. The bonding jumper(s) shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.102(C) (1) except that it shall not be required to be larger than 3/0 copper or 250 kcmil aluminum or copper-clad aluminum and except as permitted in 250.104(A) (2) and (A) (3).
(2) Buildings of Multiple Occupancy. In buildings of multiple occupancy where the metal water piping system(s) installed in or attached to a building or structure for the individual occu- pancies is metallically isolated from all other occupancies by use of nonmetallic water piping, the metal water piping system(s) for cach occupancy shall be permitted to be bonded to the equipment grounding terminal of the switchgear, switch- board, or panelboard enclosure (other than service equip- ment) supplying that occupancy. The bonding jumper shall be sized in accordance with 250.102(D).
(3) Buildings or Structures Supplied by a Feeder(s) or Branch Circuit(s). The metal water piping system(s) installed in or attached to a building or structure shall be bonded to any of the following:
(1) Building or structure disconnecting means enclosure where located at the building or structure
(2) Equipment grounding conductor run with the supply conductors
(3) One or more grounding electrodes used
The bonding jumper(s) shall be sized in accordance with 250.102(D). The bonding jumper shall not be required to be larger than the largest ungrounded feeder or branch-circuit conductor supplying the building or structure.
(B) Other Metal Piping. If installed in or attached to a build- ing or structure, a metal piping system (s), including gas piping,
that is likely to become energized shall be bonded to any of the following:
(1) Equipment grounding conductor for the circuit that is likely to energize the piping system
(2) Service equipment enclosure
(3) Grounded conductor at the service
(4) Grounding electrode conductor, if of sufficient size
(5) One or more grounding electrodes used, if the ground- ing electrode conductor or bonding jumper to the grounding electrode is of sufficient size
The bonding conductor(s) or jumper(s) shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.122, and equipment grounding conductors shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.122 using the rating of the circuit that is likely to energize the piping system(s). The points of attachment of the bonding jumper(s) shall be accessible.
Informational Note No. 1: Bonding all piping and metal air ducts within the premises will provide additional safety.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 54, National Fuel Gas Code, and NFPA 780, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, for information on gas piping systems.
(C) Structural Metal. Exposed structural metal that is inter- connected to form a metal building frame, is not intentionally grounded or bonded, and is likely to become energized shall be bonded to any of the following:
(1): Service equipment enclosure
(2) Grounded conductor at the service
(3) Disconnecting means for buildings or structures supplied by a feeder or branch circuit
(4) Grounding electrode conductor, if not smaller than a conductor sized in accordance with Table 250.102(C) (1)
(5) One or more grounding electrodes used, if the ground- ing electrode conductor or bonding jumper to the grounding electrode is not smaller than a conductor sized in accordance with Table 250.102(C) (1)
The bonding conductor(s) or jumper(s) shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.102(C) (1), except that it shall not be required to be larger than 3/0 AWG copper or 250 kcmil aluminum or copper-clad aluminum, and installed in accord- ance with 250.64(A), (B), and (E). The points of attachment of the bonding jumper(s) shall be accessible unless installed in compliance with 250.68(A), Exception No. 2.
(D) Separately Derived Systems. Metal water piping systems and structural metal that is interconnected to form a building frame shall be bonded to separately derived systems in accord- ance with 250.104(D) (1) through (D) (3).
(1) Metal Water Piping System(s). The grounded conductor of cach separately derived system shall be bonded to the nearest accessible point of the metal water piping system(s) in the arca served by cach separately derived system. This connection shall be made at the same point on the separately derived system where the grounding electrode conductor is connected. Each bonding jumper shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.102(C) (1) based on the largest ungrounded conductor of the separately derived system except that it shall not be required to be larger than 3/0 AWG copper or 250 kcmil aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
Exception No. 1: A separate bonding jumper to the metal water piping system shall not be required if the metal water piping system is used as the grounding electrode or grounding electrode conductor for the sepa-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-153
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.104
rately derived system and the connection to the water piping system is in the area served by the separately derived system.
Exception No. 2: A separate bonding jumper to the metal water piping system shall not be required if the metal in-ground support structure is used as a grounding electrode or the metal frame of a building or struc- ture is used as the grounding electrode conductor for a separately derived system and is bonded to the metal water piping system in the area served by the separately derived system.
(2) Structural Metal. If exposed structural metal that is inter- connected to form the building frame exists in the arca served by the separately derived system, it shall be bonded to the grounded conductor of cach separately derived system. This connection shall be made at the same point on the separately derived system where the grounding electrode conductor is connected. Each bonding jumper shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.102(C) (1) based on the largest ungrounded conductor of the separately derived system except that it shall not be required to be larger than 3/0 AWG copper or 250 kcmil aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
Exception No. 1: A separate bonding jumper to the building structural metal shall not be required if the metal in-ground support structure is used as a grounding electrode or the metal frame of a building or struc- ture is used as the grounding electrode conductor for the separately derived system.
Exception No. 2: A separate bonding jumper to the building structural metal shall not be required af the water piping system of a building or structure is used as the grounding electrode or grounding electrode conductor for a separately derived system and is bonded to the building structural metal in the area served by the separately derived system.
(3) Common Grounding Electrode Conductor. If a common grounding electrode conductor is installed for multiple sepa- rately derived systems as permitted by 250.30(A) (6), and exposed structural metal that is interconnected to form the building frame or interior metal water piping exists in the arca served by the separately derived system, the metal water piping and the structural metal member shall be bonded to the common grounding electrode conductor in the area served by the separately derived system.
Exception: A separate bonding jumper from each derived system to metal water piping and to structural metal members shall not be required af the metal water piping and the structural metal members in the area served by the separately derived system are bonded to the common grounding electrode conductor:
250.106 Lightning Protection Systems. The lightning protec- tion system ground terminals shall be bonded to the building or structure grounding electrode system.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.60 for use of strike termina- tion devices.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 780, Standard for the Installa- tion of Lightning Protection Systems, which contains detailed infor- mation on grounding, bonding, and sideflash distance from lightning protection systems.
Part VI. Equipment Grounding and Equipment Grounding Conductors
250.109 Metal Enclosures. Metal enclosures shall be permitted to be used to connect bonding jumpers or equipment ground- ing conductors, or both, together to become a part of an cffcc-
tive ground-fault current path. If installed, metal covers, plaster rings, extension rings, and metal fittings shall be attached to these metal enclosures to ensure an effective ground-fault current path or shall be connected with bonding jumpers or equipment grounding conductors, or both.
Informational Note: See 250.97 for bonding requirements for over 250 volts to ground.
250.110 Equipment Fastened in Place (Fixed) or Connected by Permanent Wiring Methods. Exposed, normally non-current- carrying metal parts of fixed equipment supplied by or enclos- ing conductors or components that are likely to become energized shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor under any of the following conditions:
(1) If within 2.5 m (8 ft) vertically or 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally of ground or grounded metal objects and subject to contact by persons
(2) If located in a wet or damp location and not isolated
(3) If in electrical contact with metal
(4) If in a hazardous (classified) location
(5) If supplied by a wiring method that provides an equip- ment grounding conductor, except as permitted by 250.86, Exception No. 2, for short sections of metal enclo- surcs
(6) If equipment operates with any terminal at over 150 volts to ground
Exception No. 1: If exempted by special permission, the metal frame of electrically heated appliances that have the frame permanently and effectively insulated from ground shall not be required to be grounded.
Exception No. 2: Distribution apparatus, such as transformer and capacitor cases, mounted on wooden poles at a height exceeding 2.5 m (8 ft) above ground or grade level shall not be required to be grounded.
Exception No. 3: Listed equipment protected by a system of double insu- lation, or its equivalent, shall not be required to be connected to the equipment grounding conductor. If such a system is employed, the equipment shall be distinctively marked.
250.112 Specific Equipment Fastened in Place (Fixed) or Connected by Permanent Wiring Methods. Except as permit- ted in 250.112(F) and (I), exposed, normally non-current- carrying metal parts of equipment described in 250.112(A) through (K), and normally non-current-carrying metal parts of equipment and enclosures described in 250.112(L) and (M), shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor, regardless of voltage.
(A) Switchgear and Switchboard Frames and Structures. Switchgear or switchboard frames and structures supporting switching equipment, except frames of 2-wire de switchgear or switchboards if effectively insulated from ground.
(B) Pipe Organs. Generator and motor frames in an electri- cally operated pipe organ, unless effectively insulated from ground and the motor driving it.
(C) Motor Frames. Motor frames, as provided by 430.242.
(D) Enclosures for Motor Controllers. Enclosures for motor controllers unless attached to ungrounded portable equip- ment.
(E) Elevators and Cranes. Electrical equipment for elevators and crancs.
70-154
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.118
(F) Garages, Theaters, and Motion Picture Studios. Electrical equipment in commercial garages, theaters, and motion picture studios, except pendant lampholders supplied by circuits not over 150 volts to ground.
(G) Electric Signs. Electric signs, outline lighting, and associ- atcd equipment as provided in 600.7.
(H) Motion Picture Projection Equipment. Motion picture projection cquipment.
(I) Remote-Control, Signaling, and Fire Alarm Circuits. Equip- ment supplied by Class 1 circuits shall be grounded unless operating at less than 50 volts. Equipment supplied by Class 1 power-limited circuits, by Class 2 and Class 3 remote-control and signaling circuits, and by fire alarm circuits shall be groun- ded if system grounding is required by Part II or Part VIII of this article.
(J) Luminaires. Luminaires as provided in Part V of Arti- clc 410.
(K) Skid-Mounted Equipment. Permanently mounted electri- cal equipment and skids shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor. Wire-type equipment grounding conductors shall be sized as required by 250.122.
(L) Motor-Operated Water Pumps. Motor-operated water pumps, including the submersible typc.
(M) Metal Well Casings. If a submersible pump is used in a metal well casing, the well casing shall be connected to the pump circuit equipment grounding conductor.
250.114 Equipment Connected by Cord and Plug. Exposed, normally non-current-carrying metal parts of cord-and-plug- connected equipment shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor under any of the following conditions:
Exception: Listed tools, listed appliances, and listed equipment covered in 250.114, list items 2 through 4, shall not be required to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor if protected by a system of double insulation or its equivalent. Double-insulated equipment shall be distinctively marked.
(1) In hazardous (classified) locations
(2) If operated at over 150 volts to ground
Exception No. 1 to (2): Motors, if guarded, shall not be required to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor.
Exception No. 2 to (2): Metal frames of electrically heated appliances, exempted by special permission, shall not be required to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor, in which case the frames shall be permanently and effectively insulated from ground.
(3) In residential occupancies:
a. Refrigerators, freezers, icemakers, and air condition- crs
b. Clothes-washing, clothes-drying, and dish-washing machines; ranges; kitchen waste disposers; informa- tion technology equipment; sump pumps; and electri- cal aquarium equipment
c. Hand-held motor-operated tools, stationary and fixed motor-operated tools, and light industrial motor- operated tools
d. Motor-operated appliances of the following types: hedge clippers, lawn mowers, snow blowers, and wet scrubbers
c. Portable handlamps
(4) In other than residential occupancies:
a. Refrigerators, freezers, icemakers, and air condition- crs
b. Clothes-washing, clothes-drying, and dish-washing machines; information technology equipment; sump pumps; and electrical aquarium equipment
c. Hand-held motor-operated tools, stationary and fixed motor-operated tools, and light industrial motor- operated tools
d. Motor-operated appliances of the following types: hedge clippers, lawn mowers, snow blowers, and wet scrubbers
c. Portable handlamps
f. Cord-and-plug-connected appliances used in damp or wet locations or by persons standing on the ground, standing on metal floors, or working inside of metal tanks or boilers
g. Tools likely to be used in wet or conductive locations
Exception: Tools and portable handlamps and portable luminaires likely to be used in wet or conductive locations shall not be required to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor if supplied through an isolating transformer with an ungrounded secondary of not over 50 volts.
250.116 Nonelectrical Equipment. The metal parts of the following, nonelectrical equipment described in this section shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor:
(1) . Frames and tracks of electrically operated cranes and hoists
(2) Frames of nonelectrically driven elevator cars to which electrical conductors are attached
(3) Hand-operated metal shifting ropes or cables of electric elevators
Informational Note: If extensive metal in or on buildings or structures may become energized and is subject to personal contact, adequate bonding and grounding will provide addi- tional safety.
250.118 Types of Equipment Grounding Conductors.
(A) Permitted. Each cquipment grounding conductor run with or enclosing the circuit conductors shall be one or more or a combination of the following:
(1) A copper, aluminum, or copper-clad aluminum conduc- tor. This conductor shall be solid or stranded; insulated, covered, or bare; and in the form of a wire or a busbar of any shapc.
(2) Rigid metal conduit.
(3) Intermediate metal conduit.
(4) Electrical metallic tubing.
(5) Listed flexible metal conduit meeting all the following conditions:
a. The conduit is terminated in listed fittings.
b. The circuit conductors contained in the conduit arc protected by overcurrent devices rated at 20 amperes or less.
c. The size of the conduit does not exceed metric desig- nator 35 (trade size 11/4).
d. The combined length of flexible metal conduit, flexi- ble metallic tubing, and liquidtight flexible metal conduit in the same effective ground-fault current path docs not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-155
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.118
c. If flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment or to provide flexibility for equipment that requires movement after installa- tion, a wire-type equipment grounding conductor or a bonding jumper in accordance with 250.102(E)(2) shall be installed.
f. If flexible metal conduit is constructed of stainless steel, a wire-type equipment grounding conductor or bonding jumper in accordance with 250.102(E)(2) shall be installed.
(6) Listed liquidtight flexible metal conduit meeting all the following conditions:
a. The conduit is terminated in listed fittings.
b. For metric designators 12 through 16 (trade sizes 3% through 1/g), the circuit conductors contained in the conduit are protected by overcurrent devices rated at 20 amperes or less.
c. For metric designators 21 through 35 (trade sizes 3/4 through 11/4), the circuit conductors contained in the conduit are protected by overcurrent devices rated not more than 60 amperes and there is no flex- ible metal conduit, flexible metallic tubing, or liquid- tight flexible metal conduit in metric designators 12 through 16 (trade sizes 3/x through 1/9) in the effective ground-fault current path.
d. The combined length of flexible metal conduit, flexi- ble metallic tubing, and liquidtight flexible metal conduit in the same effective ground-fault current path docs not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft).
c. If flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment or to provide flexibility for equipment that requires movement after installa- tion, a wire-type equipment grounding conductor or a bonding jumper in accordance with 250.102(E)(2) shall be installed.
f. If liquidtight flexible metal conduit contains a stain- less steel core, a wire-type equipment grounding conductor or a bonding jumper in accordance with 250.102(E) (2) shall be installed.
(7) Flexible metallic tubing if the tubing is terminated in listed fittings and meeting the following conditions:
a. The circuit conductors contained in the tubing arc protected by overcurrent devices rated at 20 amperes or less.
b. The combined length of flexible metal conduit, flexi- ble metallic tubing, and liquidtight flexible metal conduit in the same effective ground-fault current path docs not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft).
(8) Armor of Type AC cable as provided in 320.108.
(9) The copper sheath of mineral-insulated, metal-shcathed cable Type MI.
(10) Type MC cable that provides an effective ground-fault current path in accordance with one or more of the following:
a. It contains an insulated or uninsulated equipment grounding conductor in compliance with 250.118(1).
b. The combined metallic sheath and uninsulated equipment grounding/bonding conductor of inter- locked metal tape-type MC cable that is listed and identified as an equipment grounding conductor
c. The metallic sheath or the combined metallic sheath and equipment grounding conductors of the smooth
or corrugated tube-type MC cable that is listed and identified as an equipment grounding conductor
(11) Cable trays as permitted in 392.10 and 392.60.
(12) Cablebus framework as permitted in 370.60(1).
(13) Other listed electrically continuous metal raceways and listed auxiliary gutters.
(14) Surface metal raceways listed for grounding.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for a definition of effective ground-fault current path.
(B) Not Permitted. The following shall not be used as equip- ment grounding conductors.
(1) Grounding electrode conductors
Exception: A wire-type equipment grounding conductor installed in compliance with 250.6(A) and the applicable requirements for both the equipment grounding conductor and the grounding electrode conductor in Parts II, III, and VI of this article shall be permitted to serve as both an equipment grounding conductor and a grounding electrode conduc- tor.
(2) Structural metal frame of a building or structure
250.119 Identification of Wire-Type Equipment Grounding Conductors.
(A) General. Unless required elsewhere in this Code, cquip- ment grounding conductors shall be permitted to be barc, covered, or insulated. Individually covered or insulated equip- ment grounding conductors of the wire type shall have a continuous outer finish that is cither green or green with one or more yellow stripes except as permitted in this section. Conductors with insulation or individual covering that is green, green with one or more yellow stripes, or otherwise identified as permitted by this section shall not be used for ungrounded or grounded circuit conductors.
Exception No. 1: Power-limited Class 2 or Class 3 cables, power-limited fire alarm cables, or communications cables containing only circuits operating at less than 50 volts ac or 60 volts de if connected to equip- ment not required to be grounded shall be permitted to use a conductor with green insulation or green with one or more yellow stripes for other than equipment grounding purposes.
Exception No. 2: Flexible cords having an integral insulation and jacket without an equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to have a continuous outer finish that is green.
Informational Note: An example of a flexible cord with integral- type insulation is Type SPT-2, 2 conductor.
Exception No. 3: Conductors with green insulation shall be permitted to be used as ungrounded signal conductors where installed between the output terminations of traffic signal control and traffic signal indicat- ing heads. Signaling circuits installed in accordance with this exception shall include an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.118. Wire-type equipment grounding conductors shall be bare or have insulation or covering that is green with one or more yellow stripes.
(B) Conductors 4 AWG and Larger. Equipment grounding conductors 4 AWG and larger shall comply with the following:
(1) At the time of installation, if the insulation does not comply with 250.119(A), it shall be permanently identi- ficd as an equipment grounding conductor at cach end and at every point where the conductor is accessible.
70-156
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.122
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
Exception: Conductors 4 AWG and larger shall not be required to be marked in conduit bodies that contain no splices or unused hubs.
(2) Identification shall encircle the conductor and shall be accomplished by one of the following:
a. Stripping the insulation or covering from the entire exposed length
b. Coloring the insulation or covering green at the termination
c. Marking the insulation or covering with green tape or green adhesive labels at the termination
(C) Multiconductor Cable. One or more insulated conductors in a multiconductor cable, at the time of installation, shall be permitted to be permanently identified as equipment ground- ing conductors at cach end and at every point where the conductors are accessible by one of the following means:
(1) Stripping the insulation from the entire exposed length.
(2) Coloring the exposed insulation green.
(3) Marking the exposed insulation with green tape or green adhesive labels. Identification shall encircle the conduc- tor.
(D) Flexible Cord. Equipment grounding conductors in flexi- ble cords shall be insulated and shall have a continuous outer finish that is cither green or green with one or more yellow stripcs.
250.120 Equipment Grounding Conductor Installation. An equipment grounding conductor shall be installed in accord- ance with 250.120(A), (B), and (C).
(A) Raceway, Cable Trays, Cable Armor, Cablebus, or Cable Sheaths. If it consists of a raceway, cable tray, cable armor, cablebus framework, or cable sheath or if it is a wire within a raceway or cable, it shall be installed in accordance with the applicable provisions in this Code using fittings for joints and terminations approved for use with the type of raceway or cable used. All connections, joints, and fittings shall be made tight using suitable tools.
Informational Note: See the UL Guide Information for Electri- cal Circuit Integrity Systems (FHIT) for equipment grounding conductors installed in a raceway that are part of a listed electri- cal circuit protective system or a listed fire-resistive cable system.
(B) Aluminum and Copper-Clad Aluminum Conductors. Equipment grounding conductors of bare, covered, or insula- ted aluminum or copper-clad aluminum shall comply with the following:
(1) Unless part of an applicable cable wiring method, bare or covered conductors shall not be installed if subject to corrosive conditions or be installed in direct contact with concrete, masonry, or the carth.
(2) Terminations made within outdoor enclosures that are listed and identified for the environment shall be permit- ted within 450 mm (18 in.) of the bottom of the enclo- surc.
(3) Aluminum or copper-clad aluminum conductors external to buildings or enclosures shall not be terminated within 450 mm (18 in.) of the carth, unless terminated within a listed wire connector system.
(C) Equipment Grounding Conductors Smaller Than 6 AWG. If not routed with circuit conductors as permitted in 250.130(C) and 250.134, Exception No. 2, equipment ground- ing conductors smaller than 6 AWG shall be protected from
physical damage by an identified raceway or cable armor unless installed within hollow spaces of the framing members of build- ings or structures and if not subject to physical damage.
250.122 Size of Equipment Grounding Conductors.
(A) General. Copper, aluminum, or copper-clad aluminum equipment grounding conductors of the wire type shall not be smaller than shown in Table 250.122. The equipment ground- ing conductor shall not be required to be larger than the circuit conductors supplying the equipment. If a cable tray, a raceway, or a cable armor or sheath is used as the equipment grounding conductor, as provided in 250.118 and 250.134(1), it shall comply with 250.4(A) (5) or (B) (4).
Equipment grounding conductors shall be permitted to be sectioned within a multiconductor cable, provided the combined circular mil arca complies with. Table 250.122.
(B) Increased in Size. If ungrounded conductors arc increased in size for any reason other than as required in 310.15(B) or 310.15(G), wirc-type equipment grounding conductors, if installed, shall be increased in size proportion- ately to the increase in circular mil arca of the ungrounded conductors.
Exception: Equipment grounding conductors shall be permitted to be sized by a qualified person to provide an effective ground fault current path in accordance with 250.4(A)(5) or (B)(4)
(C): Multiple Circuits. A single equipment grounding conduc- tor shall be permitted to be installed for multiple circuits that are installed in the same raceway, cable, trench, or cable tray. It shall be sized from Table 250.122 for the largest overcurrent device protecting circuit conductors in the raceway, cable, trench, or cable tray. Equipment grounding conductors installed in cable trays shall meet the minimum requirements of 392.10(B) (1)(c).
(D) Motor Circuits. Equipment grounding conductors for motor circuits shall be sized in accordance with 250.122(D) (1) or (D) (2).
(1) General. The equipment grounding conductor size shall not be smaller than determined by 250.122(A) based on the rating of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device.
(2) Instantaneous-Trip Circuit Breaker and Motor Short-Circuit Protector. If the overcurrent device is an instantancous-trip circuit breaker or a motor short-circuit protector, the equip- ment grounding conductor shall be sized not smaller than that given by 250.122(A) using the maximum permitted rating of a dual clement time-delay fuse selected for branch-circuit short- circuit and ground-fault protection in accordance with 430.52(C) (1), Exception No. 1.
(E) Flexible Cord and Fixture Wire. The equipment ground- ing conductor in a flexible cord with the largest circuit conduc- tor 10 AWG or smaller, and the equipment grounding conductor used with fixture wires of any size in accordance with 240.5, shall not be smaller than 18 AWG copper and shall not he smaller than the circuit conductors. The equipment grounding conductor in a flexible cord with a circuit conduc- tor larger than 10 AWG shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.122.
(F) Conductors in Parallel. For circuits of parallel conductors as permitted in 310.10(G), the equipment grounding conduc-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-157
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.122
tor shall be installed in accordance with 250.122(F) (1) or (F)(2).
(1) Conductor Installations in Raceways, Auxiliary Gutters, or Cable Trays.
(a) Single Raceway or Cable Tray, Auxiliary Gutter, or Cable Tray. If circuit conductors are connected in parallel in the same raceway, auxiliary gutter, or cable tray, a single wirc-type conductor shall be permitted as the equipment grounding conductor. The wire-type equipment grounding conductor shall be sized in accordance with 250.122 based on the overcur- rent protective device for the feeder or branch circuit.
(b) Multiple Rareways. If conductors are installed in multi- ple raceways and are connected in parallel, a wire-type cquip- ment grounding conductor, if used, shall be installed in cach raceway and shall be connected in parallel. The equipment grounding conductor installed in cach raceway shall be sized in accordance with 250.122 based on the rating of the overcurrent protective device for the feeder or branch circuit.
(c) Wire-Type Equipment Grounding Conductors in Cable Trays. Wirc-type equipment grounding conductors installed in cable trays shall meet the minimum requirements of 392.10(B) (1) (c).
(d) Metal Raceways, Auxiliary Gutters, or Cable Trays. Mctal raceways or auxiliary gutters in accordance with 250.118 or cable trays complying with 392.60(B) shall be permitted as the equipment grounding conductor.
(2) Multiconductor Cables.
(a) Except as provided in 250.122(F)(2)(c) for raceway or cable tray installations, the equipment grounding conductor in cach multiconductor cable shall be sized in accordance with 250.122 based on the overcurrent protective device for the feeder or branch circuit.
(b) If circuit conductors of multiconductor cables arc connected in parallel, the equipment grounding conductor(s) in cach cable shall be connected in parallel.
(c) If multiconductor cables are paralleled in the same raceway, auxiliary gutter, or cable tray, a single equipment grounding conductor that is sized in accordance with 250.122 shall be permitted in combination with the equipment ground- ing conductors provided within the multiconductor cables and shall all be connected together.
(d) Equipment grounding conductors installed in cable trays shall meet the minimum requirements of 392.10(B) (1) (c). Cable trays complying with 392.60(B), metal raccways in accordance with 250.118, or auxiliary gutters shall be permitted as the equipment grounding conductor.
(G) Feeder Taps. Equipment grounding conductors installed with feeder taps shall not be smaller than shown in Table 250.122 based on the rating of the overcurrent device ahead of the feeder on the supply side ahead of the tap but shall not be required to be larger than the tap conductors.
250.124 Equipment Grounding Conductor Continuity.
(A) Separable Connections. Scparable connections such as those provided in drawout equipment or attachment plugs and mating connectors and receptacles shall provide for first-make, last-break of the equipment grounding conductor. First-make, last-break shall not be required if interlocked equipment, plugs, receptacles, and connectors preclude energization with- out grounding continuity.
(B) Switches. No automatic cutout or switch shall be placed in the equipment grounding conductor of a premises wiring
Table 250.122 Minimum Size Equipment Grounding Conductors for Grounding Raceway and Equipment
Rating or Setting of Automatic Overcurrent Device in Circuit Ahead of Equipment, Conduit, etc., Not Exceeding (Amperes)
Size (AWG or kemil)
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum*
15
14
12
20
12
10
60
10
8
100
8
6
200
6
4
300
4
2
400
3
1
500
2
1/0
600
1
2/0
800
1/0
3/0
1000
2/0
4/0
1200
3/0
250
1600
4/0
350
2000
250
400
2500
350
600
3000
400
600
4000
500
750
5000
700
1250
6000
800
1250
Note: Where necessary to comply with 250.4(A) (5) or (B) (4), the equipment grounding conductor shall be sized larger than given in this table.
*See installation restrictions in 250.120.
system unless the opening of the cutout or switch disconnects all sources of energy.
250.126 Identification of Wiring Device Terminals. The termi- nal for the connection of the equipment grounding conductor shall be identified by one of the following:
(1) A green, not readily removable terminal screw with a hexagonal head.
(2) A green, hexagonal, not readily removable terminal nut.
(3) A green pressure wire connector. If the terminal for the equipment grounding conductor is not visible, the conductor entrance hole shall be marked with the word green or ground, the letters Gor GR, a grounding symbol, or otherwise identified by a distinctive green color. If the terminal for the equipment grounding conductor is rcad- ily removable, the arca adjacent to the terminal shall be similarly marked.
Informational Note: See Informational Note Figure 250.126.
Informational Note Figure 250.126 One Example of a Symbol Used to Identify the Grounding Termination Point for an Equipment Grounding Conductor.
70-158
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.140
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
Part VII. Methods of Equipment Grounding Conductor Connections
250.130 Equipment Grounding Conductor Connections. Equipment grounding conductor connections at the source of separately derived systems shall be made in accordance with 250.30(A) (1). Equipment grounding conductor connections at service equipment shall be made as indicated in 250.130(A) or (B). For replacement of non-grounding-type receptacles with grounding-type receptacles, or snap switches without an equip- ment grounding terminal with snap switches with an cquip- ment grounding terminal, and for branch-circuit extensions only in existing installations that do not have an equipment grounding conductor in the branch circuit, connections shall be permitted as indicated in 250.130(C).
(A) For Grounded Systems. The connection shall be made by bonding the equipment grounding conductor to the grounded service conductor and the grounding electrode conductor.
(B) For Ungrounded Systems. The connection shall be made by bonding the equipment grounding conductor to the grounding electrode conductor.
(C) Replacement of Nongrounding Receptacle or Snap Switch and Branch Circuit Extensions. The equipment grounding conductor that is connected to a grounding-type receptacle, a snap switch with an equipment grounding terminal, or a branch-circuit extension shall be permitted to be connected to any of the following:
(1) Any accessible point on the grounding electrode system as described in 250.50
(2) Any accessible point on the grounding electrode conduc- tor
(3) The equipment grounding terminal bar within the enclo- sure where the branch circuit for the receptacle or branch circuit originates
(4) An equipment grounding conductor that is part of another branch circuit that originates from the enclosure where the branch circuit for the receptacle, snap switch, or branch circuit originates
(5) For grounded systems, the grounded service conductor within the service equipment enclosure
(6) For ungrounded systems, the grounding terminal bar within the service equipment enclosure
Informational Note No. 1: See 406.4(D) for the use of a ground- fault circuit-interrupting type of receptacle.
Informational Note No. 2: See 404.9(B) for requirements regarding grounding of snap switches.
250.132 Short Sections of Raceway or Cable Armor. Isolated sections of metal raceway or cable armor, if required to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor, shall be connected in accordance with 250.134.
250.134 Equipment Fastened in Place or Connected by Perma- nent Wiring Methods (Fixed). Unless connected to the groun- ded circuit conductor as permitted by 250.32, 250.140, and 250.142, non-current-carrying metal parts of equipment, race- ways, and other enclosures, if grounded, shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor by one of the following methods:
(1) By connecting to any of the equipment grounding conductors permitted by 250.118(2) through (14)
(2) By connecting to an equipment grounding conductor of the wire type that is contained within the same raceway, contained within the same cable, or otherwise run with the circuit conductors
Exception No. 1: As provided in 250.130(C), the equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to be run separately from the circuit conductors.
Exception No. 2: For de circuits, the equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to be run separately from the circuit conductors
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.102 and 250.168 for equip- ment bonding jumper requirements.
Informational Note No. 2: See 400.10 for use of flexible cords and flexible cables for fixed equipment.
250.136 Equipment Secured to a Metal Rack or Structure. If a metal rack or structure is connected to an equipment ground- ing conductor in accordance with 250.134, it shall be permitted to serve as the equipment grounding conductor for electrical equipment secured to and in electrical contact with the metal rack or structurc.
250.138 Cord-and-Plug-Connected Equipment. Non-current- carrying metal parts of cord-and-plug-connected equipment, if required to be connected to an equipment grounding conduc- tor, shall be connected by one of the methods in 250.138(A) or (B).
(A) By Means of an Equipment Grounding Conductor. By means of an equipment grounding conductor run with the power supply conductors in a cable assembly or flexible cord properly terminated in a grounding-type attachment plug with one fixed grounding contact.
Exception: The grounding contacting pole of grounding-type plug-in ground-fault circuit interrupters shall be permitted to be of the movable, self-restoring type on circuits operating at not over 150 volts between any two conductors or over 150 volts between any conductor and ground.
(B) By Means of a Separate Flexible Wire or Strap. By means of a separate flexible wire or strap, insulated or bare, connec- ted to an equipment grounding conductor, and protected as well as practicable against physical damage, if part of cquip- ment.
250.140 Frames of Ranges and Clothes Dryers. Frames of clec- tric ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter-mounted cooking units, clothes dryers, and outlet or junction boxes that are part of the circuit shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.140(A) or the grounded conductor in accordance with 250.140(B).
(A) Equipment Grounding Conductor Connections. The circuit supplying the appliance shall include an equipment grounding conductor. The frame of the appliance shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor in the manner specified by 250.134 or 250.138.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-159
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.140
(B) Grounded Conductor Connections. For existing branch- circuit installations only, if an equipment grounding conductor is not present in the outlet or junction box the frame of the appliance shall be permitted to be connected to the grounded conductor if all the conditions in the following list items (1), (2), and (3) arc met and the grounded conductor complics with either list item (4) or (5):
(1) The supply circuit is 120/240-volt, single-phase, 3-wirc; or 208Y/120-volt derived from a 3-phase, 4-wirc, wyc- connected system.
(2) The grounded conductor is not smaller than 10 AWG copper or 8 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(3) Grounding contacts of receptacles furnished as part of the equipment are bonded to the equipment.
(4) The grounded conductor is insulated, or the grounded conductor is uninsulated and part of a Type SE service- entrance cable and the branch circuit originates at the service equipment.
(5) The grounded conductor is part of a Type SE service- entrance cable that originates in equipment other than a service. The grounded conductor shall be insulated or field covered within the supply enclosure with listed insu- lating material, such as tape or sleeving to prevent contact of the uninsulated conductor with any normally non- current-carrying metal parts.
250.142 Use of Grounded Circuit Conductor for Grounding Equipment.
(A) Supply-Side Equipment. A grounded circuit conductor shall be permitted to be connected to non-current-carrying metal parts of equipment, raceways, and other enclosures at any of the following locations:
(1) On the supply side or within the enclosure of the ac serv- ice disconnecting means
(2) On the supply side or within the enclosure of the main disconnecting means for separate buildings as provided in 250.32 (B) (1) Exception No. 1
(3) On the supply side or within the enclosure of the main disconnecting means or overcurrent devices of a sepa- ratcly derived system where permitted by 250.30(A) (1)
(B) Load-Side Equipment. Except as permitted in 250.30(A) (1), 250.32 (B) (1), Exception No. 1, and Part X of Article 250, a grounded circuit conductor shall not be connected to non- current-carrying metal parts of equipment on the load side of the service disconnecting means or on the load side of a sepa- rately derived system disconnecting means or the overcurrent devices for a separately derived system not having a main disconnecting means.
Exception No. 1: The frames of ranges, wall-mounted ovens, counter- mounted cooking units, and clothes dryers under the conditions permit- ted for existing installations by 250.140 shall be permitted to be connected to the grounded circuit conductor.
Exception No. 2: It shall be permissible to connect meter enclosures to the grounded circuit conductor on the load side of the service disconnect if all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Ground-fault protection of equipment is not installed.
(2) All meter enclosures are located immediately adjacent to the serv- ice disconnecting means.
(3) The size of the grounded circuit conductor is not smaller than the size specified in Table 250.122 for equipment grounding conduc- tors.
Exception No. 3: Electrode-type boilers operating at over 1000 volts shall be grounded as required in 495.72(E)(1) and 495.74.
250.144 Multiple Circuit Connections. If equipment is required to be grounded and is supplied by more than one circuit containing an equipment grounding conductor, a means to terminate cach equipment grounding conductor meeting the requirements of 250.8 shall be provided as speci- ficd in 250.134 and 250.138.
250.146 Connecting Receptacle Grounding Terminal to an Equipment Grounding Conductor. An equipment bonding jumper shall be used to connect the grounding terminal of a grounding-type receptacle to a metal box that is connected to an cquipment grounding conductor, except as permitted in 250.146(A) through (D). The equipment bonding jumper shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.122.
(A) Surface-Mounted Box. If a metal box is mounted on the surface, the direct metal-to-metal contact between the device yoke or strap to the box shall be permitted to provide the required effective ground-fault current path. At least one of the insulating washers shall be removed from receptacles that do not have a contact yoke or device to ensure direct metal-to- metal contact. Direct metal-to-metal contact for providing continuity applies to cover-mounted receptacles if the box and cover combination are listed as providing continuity between the box and the receptacle. A listed exposed work cover shall be permitted to be the grounding and bonding means under both of the following conditions:
(1) The device is attached to the cover with at least two fasteners that are permanent (such as a rivet) or have a thread-locking or screw- or nut-locking means.
(2) The cover mounting holes are located on a flat nonraised portion of the cover.
(B) Contact Devices or Yokes. Contact devices or yokes designed and listed as self-grounding shall be permitted in conjunction with the supporting screws to establish equipment bonding between the device yoke and flush-type boxes.
(C) Floor Boxes. Floor boxes designed for and listed as providing continuity between the box and the device shall be permitted.
(D) Isolated Ground Receptacles. If installed for the reduc- tion of electromagnetic interference on the equipment grounding conductor, a receptacle in which the grounding terminal is purposely insulated from the receptacle mounting means shall be permitted. The receptacle grounding terminal shall be connected to an insulated equipment grounding conductor run with the circuit conductors. This cquipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to pass through one or more panelboards without a connection to the panelboard grounding terminal bar as permitted in 408.40, Exception, so as to terminate within the same building or structure directly at an equipment grounding conductor terminal of the applicable derived system or service. If installed in accordance with this section, this equipment grounding conductor shall also be permitted to pass through boxes, wireways, or other enclosures without being connected to such enclosures.
Informational Note: Use of an isolated equipment grounding conductor does not relieve the requirement for connecting the raceway system and outlet box to an equipment grounding conductor.
70-160
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.167
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.148 Continuity of Equipment Grounding Conductors and Attachment in Boxes. If circuit conductors are spliced within a box or terminated on equipment within or supported by a box, the installation shall comply with 250.148(A) through (D).
Exception: The equipment grounding conductor permitted in 250.146(D) shall not be required to be connected to the other equipment grounding conductors or to the box.
(A) Connections and Splices. All cquipment grounding conductors that are spliced or terminated within the box shall be connected together. Connections and splices shall be made in accordance with 110.14(B) and 250.8 except that insulation shall not be required.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductor Continuity. The arrangement of grounding connections shall be such that the disconnection or the removal of a luminaire, receptacle, or other device fed from the box does not interrupt the electrical continuity of the equipment grounding conductor(s) provid- ing an effective ground-fault current path.
(C) Metal Boxes. A connection used for no other purpose shall be made between the metal box and the equipment grounding conductor(s). The equipment bonding jumper or equipment grounding conductor shall be sized from Table 250.122 based on the largest overcurrent device protecting circuit conductors in the box.
(D) Nonmetallic Boxes. One or more equipment grounding conductors brought into a nonmetallic outlet box shall be arranged to provide a connection to any fitting or device in that box requiring connection to an equipment grounding conductor.
Part VIII. Direct-Current Systems
250.160 General. Dircct-current systems shall comply with Part VIII and other sections of Article 250 not specifically inten- ded for ac systems.
250.162 Direct-Current Circuits and Systems to Be Grounded. Direct-current circuits and systems shall be grounded as provi- (lcd for in 250.162(A) and (B).
(A) Two-Wire, Direct-Current Systems. A 2-wirc, dc system supplying premises wiring and operating at greater than 60 volts but not greater than 300 volts shall be grounded.
Exception No. 1: A system equipped with a ground detertor and supply- ing only industrial equipment in limited areas shall not be required to be grounded if installed immediately adjacent to, or integral with, the source of supply.
Exception No. 2: A rectifier-derived de system supplied from an ac system complying with 250.20 shall not be required to be grounded.
Exception No. 3: Direct-current fire alarm circuits having a maximum current of 0.030 ampere as specified in Article 760, Part III, shall not be required to be grounded.
(B) Three-Wire, Direct-Current Systems. The neutral conduc- tor of all 3-wirc, dc systems supplying premises wiring shall be grounded.
250.164 Point of Connection for Direct-Current Systems.
(A) Off-Premises Source. Direct-current systems to be groun- ded and supplied from an off-premises source shall have the
grounding connection made at one or more supply stations. A grounding connection shall not be made at individual services or at any point on the premises wiring.
(B) On-Premises Source. If the de system source is located on the premises, a grounding connection shall be made at one of the following:
(1) The source
(2) The first system disconnection means or overcurrent device
(3) By other means that accomplish system protection and that use equipment listed and identified for the use
250.166 Size of the Direct-Current Grounding Electrode Conductor. The size of the grounding electrode conductor for a dc system shall be as specified in 250.166(A) and (B), except as permitted by 250.166(C) through (E). The grounding clcc- trode conductor for a de system shall meet the sizing require- ments in this section but shall not be required to be larger than 3/0 copper or 250 kcmil aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(A) Not Smaller Than the Neutral Conductor. If the dc system consists of a 3-wire balancer set or a balancer winding with overcurrent protection as provided in 445.12(D), the ground- ing electrode conductor shall not be smaller than the neutral conductor and not smaller than 8 AWG copper or 6 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(B) Not Smaller Than the Largest Conductor. If the dc system is other than as in 250.166(A), the grounding electrode conductor shall not be smaller than the largest conductor supplied by the system and not smaller than 8 AWG copper or 6 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(C) Connected to Rod, Pipe, or Plate Electrodes. If connected to rod, pipe, or plate electrodes as in 250.52(A) (5) or (A) (7), that portion of the grounding electrode conductor that is the sole connection to the grounding electrode shall not be required to be larger than 6 AWG copper wire or 4 AWG alumi- num or copper-clad aluminum wirc.
(D) Connected to a Concrete-Encased Electrode. If connected to a concrete-encased] electrode as in 250.52(A) (3), that portion of the grounding electrode conductor that is the sole connection to the grounding electrode shall not be required to be larger than 4 AWG copper wirc.
(E) Connected to a Ground Ring. If connected to a ground ring as in 250.52(A)(4), that portion of the grounding elec- trode conductor that is the sole connection to the grounding electrode shall not be required to be larger than the conductor used for the ground ring.
250.167 Direct-Current Ground-Fault Detection.
(A) Ungrounded Systems. Ground-fault detection systems shall be required for ungrounded systems.
(B) Grounded Systems. Ground-fault detection shall be permitted for grounded systems.
(C) Marking. Direct-current systems shall be legibly marked to indicate the grounding type at the de source or the first discon- necting means of the system. The marking shall be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved.
Informational Note: See NFPA 70E-2018, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, which identifies four dc grounding types in detail.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-161
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.168
250.168 Direct-Current System Bonding Jumper. For direct- current systems that are to be grounded, an unspliced bonding jumper shall be used to connect the equipment grounding conductor(s) to the grounded conductor at the source or to the first system disconnecting means where the system is groun- ded. The size of the bonding jumper shall not be smaller than the system grounding electrode conductor specified in 250.166 and shall comply with 250.28(A), (B), and (C).
250.169 Ungrounded Direct-Current Separately Derived Systems. Except as otherwise permitted in 250.34 for portable and vehicle-mounted generators, an ungrounded dc separately derived system supplied from a stand-alone power source (such as an engine-generator set) shall have a grounding electrode conductor connected to an electrode that complics with Part III of this article to provide for grounding of metal enclo- sures, raccways, cables, and exposed non-current-carrying metal parts of equipment. The grounding electrode conductor connection shall be to the metal enclosure at any point on the separately derived system from the source to the first system disconnecting means or overcurrent device, or it shall be made at the source of a separately derived system that has no discon- necting means or overcurrent devices.
The size of the grounding electrode conductor shall be in accordance with 250.166.
Part IX. Instruments, Meters, and Relays
250.170 Instrument Transformer Circuits. Secondary circuits of current and potential instrument transformers shall be grounded if the primary windings are connected to circuits of 300 volts or more to ground and, if installed on or in switch- gcar and on switchboards, shall be grounded irrespective of voltage.
Exception No. 1: Circuits where the primary windings are connected to circuits of 1000 volts or less with no live parts or wiring exposed or accessible to other than qualified persons.
Exception No. 2: Current transformer secondaries connected in a three- phase delta configuration shall not be required to be grounded.
250.172 Instrument Transformer Cases. Cases or frames of instrument transformers shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor if accessible to other than qualified persons.
Exception: Cases or frames of current transformers, the primaries of which are not over 150 volts to ground and that are used exclusively to supply current to meters.
250.174 Cases of Instruments, Meters, and Relays Operating at 1000 Volts or Less. Instruments, meters, and relays operat- ing with windings or working parts at 1000 volts or less shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor as specified in 250.174(A), (B), or (C).
(A) Not on Switchgear or Switchboards. Instruments, meters, and relays not located on switchgear or switchboards operating with windings or working parts at 300 volts or more to ground, and accessible to other than qualified persons, shall have the cases and other exposed metal parts connected to the cquip- ment grounding conductor.
(B) On Switchgear or Dead-Front Switchboards. Instruments, meters, and relays (whether operated from current and poten- tial transformers or connected directly in the circuit) on switch-
gcar or switchboards having no live parts on the front of the panels shall have the cases connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
(C) On Live-Front Switchboards. Instruments, meters, and relays (whether operated from current and potential trans- formers or connected directly in the circuit) on switchboards having exposed live parts on the front of panels shall not have their cases connected to the equipment grounding conductor. Mats of insulating rubber or other approved means of floor insulation shall be provided for the operator where the voltage to ground exceeds 150 volts.
250.176 Cases of Instruments, Meters, and Relays - Operat- ing at Over 1000 Volts. If instruments, meters, and relays have current-carrying parts of over 1000 volts to ground, they shall be isolated by elevation or protected by a barrier(s), grounded metal, or insulating covers or guards. Their cases shall not be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
Exception: Cases of electrostatic ground detectors shall be permitted to be connected to an equipment grouriding conductor if the internal ground segments of the instrument are connected to the instrument case and grounded and the ground detector is isolated by elevation.
250.178 Instrument Equipment Grounding Conductor. The equipment grounding conductor for secondary circuits of instrument transformers and for instrument cases shall not be smaller than 12 AWG copper or 10 AWG aluminum or copper- clad aluminum. Cases of instrument transformers, instruments, meters, and relays that are mounted directly on grounded metal surfaces of enclosures or grounded metal of switchgear or switchboard panels shall not be required to be connected to an additional equipment grounding conductor.
Part X. Grounding of Systems and Circuits of over 1000 Volts
250.180 General. If systems over 1000 volts are grounded, they shall comply with all applicable requirements of 250.1 through 250.178 and with 250.182 through 250.194, which supplement and modify the preceding sections.
250.182 Derived Neutral Systems. A system neutral point derived from a grounding transformer shall be permitted to be used for grounding systems over 1 kV.
250.184 Solidly Grounded Neutral Systems. Solidly grounded neutral systems shall be permitted to be cither single point grounded or multigrounded neutral.
(A) Neutral Conductor.
(1) Insulation Level. The minimum insulation level for neutral conductors of solidly grounded systems shall be 600 volts.
Exception No. 1: For multigrounded neutral systems as permitted in 250.184(C), bare copper conductors shall be permitted to be used for the neutral conductor of the following:
(1) Service-entrance conductors
(2) Service laterals or underground service conductors
(3) Direct-buried portions of feeders
Exception No. 2: Bare conductors shall be permitted for the neutral conductor of overhead portions installed outdoors.
70-162
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
250.186
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
Exception No. 3: The grounded neutral conductor shall be permitted to be a bare conductor if isolated from phase conductors and protected from physical damage.
Informational Note: See 225.4 for conductor covering where within 3.0 m (10 ft) of any building or other structure.
(2) Ampacity. The neutral conductor shall have an ampacity that is not less than the load imposed and be not less than 331/3 percent of the ampacity of the phase conductors.
Exception: In industrial and commercial premises under engineering supervision, it shall be permissible to size the ampacity of the neutral conductor to not less than 20 percent of the ampacity of the phase conductor.
(B) Single-Point Grounded Neutral System. If a single-point grounded neutral system is used, the following shall apply:
(1) A single-point grounded neutral system shall be permit- ted to be supplied from one of the following:
a. A separately derived system
b. A multigrounded neutral system with an equipment grounding conductor connected to the multigroun- ded neutral conductor at the source of the single- point grounded neutral system
(2) A grounding electrode shall be provided for the system.
(3) A grounding electrode conductor shall connect the grounding electrode to the system neutral conductor.
(4) A bonding jumper shall connect the equipment ground- ing conductor to the grounding electrode conductor.
(5) An equipment grounding conductor shall be provided to cach building, structure, and equipment enclosure.
(6) A neutral conductor shall only be required if phase-to- neutral loads are supplied.
(7) The neutral conductor, if provided, shall be insulated and isolated from carth except at one location.
(8) An equipment grounding conductor shall be run with the phase conductors and shall comply with all of the follow- ing:
a. Shall not carry continuous load
b. Shall be bare, covered, or insulated
c. Shall have ampacity for fault current duty
(C) Multigrounded Neutral Systems. If a multigrounded neutral system is used, the following shall apply:
(1) The neutral conductor of a solidly grounded neutral system shall be permitted to be grounded at more than one point. Grounding shall be permitted at one or more of the following locations:
a. Transformers supplying conductors to a building or other structure
b. Underground circuits if the neutral conductor is cxposed
c. Overhead circuits installed outdoors
(2) The multigrounded neutral conductor shall be grounded at cach transformer and at other additional locations by connection to a grounding electrode.
(3) At least one grounding electrode shall be installed and connected to the multigrounded neutral conductor every 400 m (1300 ft).
(4) The maximum distance between any two adjacent electro- des shall not be more than 400 m (1300 ft).
(5) In a multigrounded shielded cable system, the shielding shall be grounded at cach cable joint that is exposed to personnel contact.
Exception: In a multipoint grounded system, a grounding electrode shall not be required to bond the neutral conductor in an uninterrupted conductor exceeding 400 m (1300 ft) af the only purpose for removing the cable jacket is for bonding the neutral conductor to a grounding electrode.
250.186 Grounding Service-Supplied Alternating-Current Systems.
(A) Systems with a Grounded Conductor at the Service Point. If an ac system is grounded at any point and is provided with a grounded conductor at the service point, a grounded conduc- tor(s) shall be installed and routed with the ungrounded conductors to cach service disconnecting means and shall be connected to cach disconnecting means grounded conduc- tor(s) terminal or bus. A main bonding jumper shall connect the grounded conductor(s) to cach service disconnecting means enclosure. The grounded conductor(s) shall be instal- led in accordance with 250.186(A) (1) through (A) (4). The size of the solidly grounded circuit conductor(s) shall be the larger of that determined by 250.184 or 250.186(A) (1) or (A) (2).
Exception: If two or more service disconnecting means are located in a single assembly listed for use as service equipment, it shall be permitted to connect the grounded conductor(s) to the assembly common grounded conductor(s) terminal or bus. The assembly shall include a main bond- ing jumper for connecting the grounded conductor(s) to the assembly enclosure.'
(1) Sizing for a Single Raceway or Overhead Conductor. The grounded conductor shall not be smaller than the required grounding electrode conductor specified in Table 250.102(C) (1) but shall not be required to be larger than the largest ungrounded service-entrance conductor(s).
(2) Parallel Conductors in Two or More Raceways or Over- head Conductors. If the ungrounded service-entrance conduc- tors are installed in parallel in two or more raceways or as overhead parallel conductors, the grounded conductors shall also be installed in parallel. The size of the grounded conduc- tor in cach raceway or overhead shall be based on the total circular mil arca of the parallel ungrounded conductors in the raceway or overhead, as indicated in 250.186(A) (1), but not smaller than 1/0 AWG.
Informational Note: See 310.10(G) for grounded conductors connected in parallel.
(3) Delta-Connected Service. The grounded conductor of a 3- phase, 3-wire delta service shall have an ampacity not less than that of the ungrounded conductors.
(4) Impedance Grounded Systems. Impedance grounded systems shall be installed in accordance with 250.187.
(B) Systems Without a Grounded Conductor at the Service Point. If an ac system is grounded at any point and is not provi- ded with a grounded conductor at the service point, a supply- side bonding jumper shall be installed and routed with the ungrounded conductors to cach service disconnecting means and shall be connected to cach disconnecting means equip- ment grounding conductor terminal or bus. The supply-side bonding jumper shall be installed in accordance with 250.186(B) (1) through (B) (3).
Exception: If two or more service disconnecting means are located in a single assembly listed for use a.s service equipment, it shall be permitted to connect the supply-side bonding jumper to the assembly common equipment grounding terminal or bus.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-163
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.186
(1) Sizing for a Single Raceway or Overhead Conductor. The supply-side bonding jumper shall not be smaller than the required grounding electrode conductor specified in Table 250.102(C) (1) but shall not be required to be larger than the largest ungrounded service-entrance conductor(s).
(2) Parallel Conductors in Two or More Raceways or Over- head Conductors. If the ungrounded service-entrance conduc- tors are installed in parallel in two or more raccways or overhead conductors, the supply-side bonding jumper shall also be installed in parallel. The size of the supply-side bonding jumper in cach raceway or overhead shall be based on the total circular mil arca of the parallel ungrounded conductors in the raceway or overhead, as indicated in 250.186(A) (1), but not smaller than 1/0 AWG.
(3) Impedance Grounded Systems. Impedance grounded systems shall be installed in accordance with 250.187.
250.187 Impedance Grounded Systems. Impedance grounded systems in which a grounding impedance device, typically a resistor, limits the ground-fault current shall be permitted if all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation.
(2) Ground detectors are installed on the system.
(3) Line-to-neutral loads are not served.
Impedance grounded systems shall comply with 250.187(A) through (D).
(A) Location. The grounding impedance device shall be installed between the grounding electrode conductor and the impedance grounding conductor connected to the system neutral point.
(B) Insulated. The impedance grounding conductor shall be insulated for the maximum neutral voltage.
Exception: A bare impedance grounding conductor shall be permitted if the bare portion of the grounding impedance device and conductor are not in a readily accessible location and securely separated from the ungrounded conductors.
Informational Note: The maximum neutral voltage in a 3-phase wye system is 57.7 percent of the phase-to-phase voltage.
(C) System Neutral Point Connection. The system neutral point shall not be connected to ground, except through the grounding impedance device.
(D) Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment ground- ing conductors shall be permitted to be bare and shall be elec- trically connected to the ground bus and grounding electrode conductor.
250.188 Grounding of Systems Supplying Portable or Mobile Equipment. Systems supplying portable or mobile equipment over 1000 volts, other than substations installed on a temporary basis, shall comply with 250.188(A) through (F).
(A) Portable or Mobile Equipment. Portable or mobile equip- ment over 1000 volts shall be supplied from a system having its neutral conductor grounded through an impedance. If a delta- connected system over 1000 volts is used to supply portable or mobile equipment, a system neutral point and associated neutral conductor shall be derived.
(B) Exposed Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts. Exposed non- current-carrying metal parts of portable or mobile equipment
shall be connected by an equipment grounding conductor to the point at which the system neutral impedance is grounded.
(C) Ground-Fault Current. The voltage developed between the portable or mobile equipment frame and ground by the flow of maximum ground-fault current shall not exceed 100 volts.
(D) Ground-Fault Detection and Relaying. Ground-fault detec- tion and relaying shall be provided to automatically de-energize any component of a system over 1000 volts that has developed a ground fault. The continuity of the equipment grounding conductor shall be continuously monitored so as to automati- cally de-energize the circuit of the system over 1000 volts to the portable or mobile equipment upon loss of continuity of the equipment grounding conductor.
(E) Isolation. The grounding electrode to which the portable or mobile equipment system neutral impedance is connected shall be isolated from and separated in the ground by at least 6.0 m (20 ft) from any other system or equipment grounding electrode, and there shall be no direct connection between the grounding electrodes, such as buried pipe and fence, and so forth.
(F) Trailing Cable and Couplers. Trailing cable and couplers of systems over 1000 volts for interconnection of portable or mobile equipment shall meet the requirements of Part III of Article 400 for cables and 495.65 for couplers.
250.190 Grounding of Equipment.
(A) Equipment Grounding. All non-current-carrying metal parts of fixed, portable, and mobile equipment and associated fences, housings, enclosures, and supporting structures shall be grounded.
Exception: If isolated from ground and located such that any person in contact with ground cannot contart such metal parts when the equip- ment is energized, the metal parts shall not be required to be grounded.
Informational Note: See 250.110, Exception No. 2, for pole- mounted distribution apparatus.
(B) Grounding Electrode Conductor. If a grounding electrode conductor connects non-current-carrying metal parts to ground, the grounding electrode conductor shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.66, based on the size of the largest ungrounded service, feeder, or branch-circuit conductors supplying the equipment. The grounding electrode conductor shall not be smaller than 6 AWG copper or 4 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(C) Equipment Grounding Conductor. Equipment grounding conductors shall comply with 250.190(C) (1) through (C) (3).
(1) General. Equipment grounding conductors that are not an integral part of a cable assembly shall not be smaller than 6 AWG copper or 4 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(2) Shielded Cables. The metallic insulation shield encircling the current-carrying conductors shall be permitted to be used as an equipment grounding conductor, if it is rated for clearing time of ground-fault current protective device operation with- out damaging the metallic shield. The metallic tape insulation shield and drain wire insulation shield shall not be used as an equipment grounding conductor for solidly grounded systems.
70-164
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 250 - GROUNDING AND BONDING
250.194
(3) Sizing. Equipment grounding conductors shall be sized in accordance with Table 250.122 based on the current rating of the fuse or the overcurrent setting of the protective relay.
Informational Note: The overcurrent rating for a circuit breaker is the combination of the current transfonner ratio and the current pickup setting of the protective relay.
250.191 Grounding System at Alternating-Current Substations. For ac substations, the grounding system shall be in accordance with Part III of this article.
Informational Note: See IEEE 80, IEEE Guide for Safety in AC. Substation Grounding, for further information on outdoor ac substation grounding.
250.194 Grounding and Bonding of Fences and Other Metal Structures. Metal fences enclosing, and other metal structures in or surrounding, a substation with exposed electrical conduc- tors and equipment shall be grounded and bonded to limit step, touch, and transfer voltages.
(A) Metal Fences. If metal fences are located within 5 m (16 ft) of the exposed electrical conductors or equipment, the fence shall be bonded to the grounding electrode system with wirc-type bonding jumpers as follows:
(1) Bonding jumpers shall be installed at cach fence corner and at maximum 50 m (160 ft) intervals along the fence.
(2) If barc overhead conductors cross the fence, bonding jumpers shall be installed on cach side of the crossing.
(3) Gates shall be bonded to the gate support post, and cach gate support post shall be bonded to the grounding elec- trode system.
(4) Any gate or other opening in the fence shall be bonded across the opening by a buried bonding jumper.
(5) The grounding grid or grounding electrode systems shall be extended to cover the swing of all gates.
(6) The barbed wire strands above the fence shall be bonded to the grounding electrode system.
Alternate designs performed under engineering supervision shall be permitted for grounding or bonding of metal fences.
Informational Note No. 1: A nonconducting fence or section may provide isolation for transfer of voltage to other areas.
Informational Note No. 2: See IEEE 80, IEEE Guide for Safety In AC. Substation Grounding, for design and installation of fence grounding.
(B) Metal Structures. All exposed conductive metal structures, including guy wires within 2.5 m (8 ft) vertically or 5 m (16 ft) horizontally of exposed conductors or equipment and subject to contact by persons, shall be bonded to the grounding elec- trode systems in the arca.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-165
CHAPTER 3
ARTICLE 300 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
Chapter 3 Wiring Methods and Materials
ARTICLE 300 General Requirements for Wiring Methods and Materials
300.1 Scope.
(A) All Wiring Installations. This article covers general requirements for wiring methods and materials for all wiring installations unless modified by other articles in Chapter 3.
(B) Integral Parts of Equipment. The requirements of this article are not intended to apply to the conductors that form an integral part of equipment, such as motors, controllers, motor control centers, or factory-assembled control equipment or listed utilization equipment.
(C) Metric Designators and Trade Sizes. Metric designators and trade sizes for conduit, tubing, and associated fittings and accessories shall be in accordance with Table 300.1 (C).
300.2 Limitations.
(A) Voltage. Wiring methods specified in Chapter 3 shall be used for 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal, or less where not specifically limited elsewhere in Chapter 3. They shall be permitted for over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal, where specifically permitted elsewhere in this Code.
(B) Temperature. Temperature limitation of conductors shall be in accordance with 310.14(A) (3).
300.3 Conductors.
(A) Single Conductors. Single conductors specified in Table 310.4(1) shall only be permitted where installed as part of a recognized wiring method specified in Chapter 3.
Exception: Individual conductors shall be permitted where installed as separate overhead conductors in accordance with 225.6.
Table 300.1(C) Metric Designators and Trade Sizes
Metric Designator
Trade Size
12
16
1/2
21
27
1
35
11/4
41
11/2
53
2
63
21/2
78
3
91
103
4
129
5
155
6
Note: The metric designators and trade sizes are for identification purposes only and are not actual dimensions.
(B) Conductors of the Same Circuit. All conductors of the same circuit and, where used, the grounded conductor and all equipment grounding conductors and bonding conductors shall be contained within the same raceway, conduit body, auxiliary gutter, cable tray, cablebus assembly trench, cable, or cord unless otherwise permitted in accordance with 300.3(B) (1) through (B)(4).
(1) Paralleled Installations. Conductors shall be permitted to be run in parallel in accordance with 310.10(G). The require- ment to run all circuit conductors within the same raceway, auxiliary gutter, cable tray, trench, cable, or cord shall apply separately to cach portion of the paralleled installation, and the equipment grounding conductors shall comply with 250.122. Connections, taps, or extensions made from paral- leled conductors shall connect to all conductors of the paral- leled set, grounded and ungrounded, as applicable. Parallel runs in cable trays shall comply with 392.20(C).
Exception: Conductors installed in nonmetallic raceways run under- ground shall be permitted to be arranged as isolated phase, neutral, and grounded conductor installations. The raceways shall be installed in close proximity, and the isolated phase, neutral, and grounded conductors shall comply with 300.20(B).
(2) Grounding and Bonding Conductors. Equipment ground- ing conductors shall be permitted to be installed outside a race- way or cable assembly in accordance with 250.130(C) for certain existing installations or in accordance with 250.134, Exception No. 2, for dc circuits. Equipment bonding conduc- tors shall be permitted to be installed on the outside of race- ways in accordance with 250.102(E).
(3) Nonferrous Wiring Methods. Conductors in wiring meth- ods with a nonmetallic or other nonmagnetic sheath, where run in different raceways, auxiliary gutters, cable trays, trenches, cables, or cords, shall comply with 300.20(B). Conductors in single-conductor Type .VI cable with a nonmag- netic sheath shall comply with 332.31. Conductors of single- conductor Type MC cable with a nonmagnetic sheath shall comply with 330.31, 330.116, and 300.20(B).
(4) Column-Width Panelboard Enclosures. Where an auxiliary gutter runs between a column-width panelboard and a pull box, and the pull box includes neutral terminations, the neutral conductors of circuits supplied from the panelboard shall be permitted to originate in the pull box.
(C) Conductors of Different Systems.
(1) 1000 Volts ac, 1500 volts de, Nominal, or Less. Conductors of ac and dc circuits rated 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal, or less shall be permitted to occupy the same equipment wiring enclosure, cable, or raceway. All conductors shall have an insu- lation rating cqual to at least the maximum circuit voltage applied to any conductor within the enclosure, cable, or race- way.
Secondary wiring to electric-discharge lamps of 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts de, or less, if insulated for the secondary voltage involved, shall be permitted to occupy the same luminaire, sign, or outline lighting enclosure as the branch-circuit conductors.
70-166
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
300.4
ARTICLE 300 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
Informational Note No. 1: See 725.136(A) for Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors.
Informational Note No. 2: See 690.31 (B) for photovoltaic source and output circuits.
(2) Over 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts de, Nominal. Conductors of circuits rated over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal, shall not occupy the same equipment wiring enclosure, cable, or raceway with conductors of circuits rated 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts de, nominal, or less unless permitted in accordance with 305.4.
300.4 Protection Against Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, conductors, raceways, and cables shall be protected.
(A) Cables and Raceways Through Wood Members.
(1) Bored Holes. In both exposed and concealed locations, where a cable- or raceway-type wiring method is installed through bored holes in joists, rafters, or wood members, holes shall be bored so that the edge of the hole is not less than 32 mm (11/4 in.) from the edges of the wood member. Where this distance cannot be maintained, the cable or raceway shall be protected from penetration by screws or nails by a steel plate(s) or bushing(s) at least 1.6 mm (Vis in.) thick, and of appropriate length and width, installed to cover the arca of the wiring.
Exception No. 1: Steel plates shall not be required to protect rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid PVC conduit, RTRC, or electrical metallic tubing.
Exception No. 2: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1/16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw penetration shall be permitted.
(2) Notches in Wood. Where there is no objection because of weakening the building structure, in both exposed and concealed locations, cables or raceways shall be permitted to be laid in notches in wood studs, joists, rafters, or other wood members where the cable or raceway at those points is protec- ted from penetration by nails or screws by a steel plate at least 1.6 mm (V16 in.) thick, and of appropriate length and width, installed to cover the area of the wiring. The steel plate shall be installed before the building finish is applied.
Exception No. 1: Steel plates shall not be required to protect rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid nometallic conduit, or elec- trical metallic tubing.
Exception No. 2: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1/16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw penetration shall be permitted.
(B) Nonmetallic-Sheathed Cables and Electrical Nonmetallic Tubing Through Metal Framing Members.
(1) Nonmetallic-Sheathed Cable. In both exposed and concealed locations where nonmetallic-shcathed cables pass through cither factory- or field-punched, cut, or drilled slots or holes in metal members, the cable shall be protected by listed bushings or listed grommets covering all metal edges that are securely fastened in the opening prior to installation of the cable.
(2) Nonmetallic-Sheathed Cable and Electrical Nonmetallic Tubing. Where nails or screws are likely to penetrate nonmetallic-shcathed cable or electrical nonmetallic tubing, a
steel sleeve, steel plate, or steel clip not less than 1.6 mm (Vis in.) in thickness shall be used to protect the cable or tubing.
Exception: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1/16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw pene- tration shall be permitted.
(C) Cables Through Spaces Behind Panels Designed to Allow Access. Cables or raceway-type wiring methods, installed behind panels designed to allow access shall be supported according to their applicable articles.
(D) Cables and Raceways Parallel to Framing Members and Furring Strips. In both exposed and concealed locations, where a cable- or raceway-type wiring method is installed paral- lel to framing members, such as joists, rafters, or studs, or is installed parallel to furring strips, the cable or raceway shall be installed and supported so that the nearest outside surface of the cable or raceway is not less than 32 mm (11/4 in.) from the nearest edge of the framing member or furring strips where nails or screws are likely to penetrate. Where this distance cannot be maintained, the cable or raceway shall be protected from penetration by nails or screws by a steel plate, sleeve, or equivalent at least 1.6 mm (1/16 in.) thick.
Exception No. 1: Steel plates, sleeves, or the equivalent shall not be required to protect rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, or electrical metallic tubing.
Exception No. 2: For concealed work in finished buildings, or finished panels for prefabricated buildings where such supporting is impractica- ble, it shall be permissible to fish the cables between access points.
Exception No. 3: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1/16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw penetration shall be permitted.
(E) Cables, Raceways, or Boxes Installed in or Under Metal- Corrugated Roof Decking. A cable, raceway, or box, installed in exposed or concealed locations under metal-corrugated sheet roof decking, shall be installed and supported so there is not less than 38 mm (11/2 in.) measured from the lowest surface of the roof decking to the top of the cable, raceway, or box. A cable, raceway, or box shall not be installed in concealed loca- tions in metal-corrugated, sheet decking-type roof.
Informational Note: Roof decking material is often repaired or replaced after the initial raceway or cabling and roofing installa- tion and might be penetrated by screws or other mechanical devices designed to provide "hold down" strength of the water- proof membrane or roof insulating material.
Exception No. 1: Rigid metal conduit and intermediate metal conduit, with listed steel or malleable iron fittings and boxes, shall not be required to comply with 300.4(E).
Exception No. 2: The 38 mm (1'/in.) spacing is not required where metal-corrugated sheet roof decking is covered with a minimum thick- ness 50 mm (2 in.) concrete slab, measured from the top of the corruga- ted roofing.
(F) Cables and Raceways Installed in Shallow Grooves. Cable- or raceway-type wiring methods installed in a groove, to be covered by wallboard, siding, paneling, carpeting, or similar finish, shall be protected by 1.6 mm (V16 in.) thick steel plate, sleeve, or equivalent or by not less than 32-mm (11/4-in.) frec space for the full length of the groove in which the cable or raceway is installed.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-167
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
300.4
ARTICLE 300-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
Exception No. 1: Steel plates, sleeves, or the equivalent shall not be required to protect rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid PVC conduit, RT RC, or electrical metallic tubing.
Exception No. 2: A listed and marked steel plate less than 1.6 mm (1/16 in.) thick that provides equal or better protection against nail or screw penetration shall be permitted.
(G) Fittings. Where raceways contain 4 AWG or larger insula- ted circuit conductors, and these conductors enter a cabinet, a box, an enclosure, or a raceway, prior to the installation of conductors, the conductors shall be protected in accordance with any of the following:
(1) An identified fitting providing a smoothly rounded insu- lating surface
(2) A listed metal fitting that has smoothly rounded edges
(3) Separation from the fitting or raceway using an identified insulating material that is securely fastened in place
(4) Threaded hubs or bosses that are an integral part of a cabinet, box, enclosure, or raceway providing a smoothly rounded or flared entry for conductors
Conduit bushings constructed wholly of insulating material shall not be used to secure a fitting or raceway. The insulating fitting or insulating material shall have a temperature rating not less than the insulation temperature rating of the installed conductors.
(H) Structural Joints. A listed expansion/deflection fitting or other approved means shall be used where a raceway crosses a structural joint intended for expansion, contraction, or deflec- tion, used in buildings, bridges, parking garages, or other struc- turcs.
300.5 Underground Installations.
(A) Minimum Cover Requirements. Direct-buried cable, conduit, or other raceways shall be installed to meet the mini- mum cover requirements of Table 300.5(A).
(B) Wet Locations. The interior of enclosures or raceways installed underground shall be considered to be a wet location. Insulated conductors and cables installed in these enclosures or raccways in underground installations shall comply with 310.10(C).
(C) Underground Cables and Conductors Under Buildings. Underground cable and conductors installed under a building shall be in a raceway.
Exception No. 1: Type MI cable shall be permitted under a building without installation in a raceway where embedded in concrete, fill, or other masonry in accordance with 332. 10(6) or in underground runs where suitably protected against physical damage and corrosive condi- tions in accordance with 332. 10(10).
Exception No. 2: Type MC cable listed for direct burial or concrete encasement shall be permitted under a building without installation in a raceway in accordance with 330.10(A)(5) and in wet locations in accordance with 330.10(A)(11).
(D) Protection from Damage. Conductors and cables shall be protected from damage in accordance with 300.5(D) (1) through (D)(4).
(1) Emerging from Grade. Dircct-buried conductors and cables emerging from grade and specified in Columns 1 and 4 of Table 300.5(A) shall be protected by enclosures or raccways extending from the minimum cover distance below grade
required by 300.5(A) to a point at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above finished grade. In no case shall the protection be required to cxcced 450 mm (18 in.) below finished gradc.
(2) Conductors Entering Buildings. Conductors entering a building shall be protected to the point of entrance.
(3) Service Conductors. Underground service conductors that are not encased in concrete and that are buried 450 mm (18 in.) or more below grade shall have their location identi- ficd by a warning ribbon that is placed in the trench at least 300 mm (12 in.) above the underground installation.
(4) Enclosure or Raceway Damage. Where the enclosure or raceway is subject to physical damage, the conductors shall be installed in electrical metallic tubing, rigid metal conduit, inter- mediate metal conduit, RTRC-XW, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, or equivalent.
(E) Splices and Taps. Direct-buried conductors or cables shall be permitted to be spliced or tapped without the use of splice boxes. The splices or taps shall be made in accordance with 110.14(B).
(F) Backfill. Backfill that contains large rocks, paving materi- als, cinders, large or sharply angular substances, or corrosive material shall not be placed in an excavation where materials might damage raceways, cables, conductors, or other substruc- tures or prevent adequate compaction of fill or contribute to corrosion of raceways, cables, or other substructures.
Where necessary to prevent physical damage to the raceway, cable, or conductor, protection shall be provided in the form of granular or selected material, suitable running boards, suitable sleeves, or other approved means.
(G) Raceway Seals. Conduits or raccways through which mois- turc might contact live parts shall be scaled or plugged at cither or both ends. Spare or unused raceways shall also be scaled. Scalants shall be identified for use with the cable insula- tion, conductor insulation, bare conductor, shield, or other components.
Informational Note: Presence of hazardous gases or vapors might also necessitate the sealing of underground conduits or raceways entering buildings.
(H) Bushing. A bushing, or terminal fitting, with an integral bushed opening shall be used at the end of a conduit or other raceway that terminates underground where the conductors or cables emerge as a direct burial wiring method. A scal incorpo- rating the physical protection characteristics of a bushing shall be permitted to be used in licu of a bushing.
(I) Conductors of the Same Circuit. All conductors of the same circuit and, where used, the grounded conductor and all equipment grounding conductors shall be installed in the same raceway or cable or shall be installed in close proximity in the same trench.
Exception No. 1: Conductors shall be permitted to be installed in paral- lel in raceways, multiconductor cables, or direct-buried single conductor cables. Each raceway or multiconductor cable shall contain all conduc- tors of the same circuit, including equipment grounding conductors. Each direct-buried single conductor cable shall be located in close prox- imity in the trench to the other single conductor cables in the same parallel set of conductors in the circuit, including equipment grounding conductors.
70-168
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
300.5
ARTICLE 300 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
Table 300.5(A) Minimum Cover Requirements, 0 to 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts de, Nominal, Burial in Millimeters (Inches)
Type of Wiring Method or Circuit
Column 1 Direct Burial Cables or Conductors
Column 2 Rigid Metal Conduit or Intermediate Metal Conduit
Column 3 Electrical Metallic Tubing, Nonmetallic Raceways Listed for Direct Burial Without Concrete Encasement, or Other Approved Raceways
Column 4 Residential Branch Circuits Rated 120 Volts or Less with GFCI Protection and Maximum Overcurrent Protection of 20 Amperes
Column 5 Circuits for Control of Irrigation and Landscape Lighting Limited to Not More Than 30 Volts and Installed with Type UF or in Other Identified Cable or Raceway
Location of Wiring Method or Circuit
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
All locations not specified below
600 24
150
6
450
18
300
12
15012
61.2
In trench below 50 mm (2 in.) thick concrete or equivalent
450 18
150
6
300
12
150
6
150
6
Under a building
0 0 (in raceway or Type MC or Type MI cable identified for direct burial)
0 0 (in raceway or Type MC or Type MI cable identified for direct burial)
0 0 (in raceway or Type MC or Type MI cable identified for direct burial)
Under minimum of 102 mm (4 in.) thick concrete exterior slab with no vehicular traffic and the slab extending not less than 152 mm (6 in.) beyond the underground installation
6 (direct burial) 100 4 (in raceway)
150
6 (direct burial) 100
4 (in raceway)
Under streets, highways, road.s, alleys, driveways, and parking lots
600
24
600 24
600
24
600
24
600
24
One- and two-family dwelling driveways and outdoor parking areas, and used only for dwelling- related purposes
450 18
450
18
450
18
300
12
450
18
In or under airport runways, including adjacent areas where trespassing is prohibited
450 18
450
18
450
18
450 18
450
18
1A lesser depth shall be permitted where specified in the installation instructions of a listed low-voltage lighting system.
2A depth of 150 mm (6 in.) shall be permitted for pool, spa, and fountain lighting, installed in a nonmetallic raceway, limited to not more than 30 volts where part of a listed low-voltage lighting system.
Notes:
1. Cover shall be defined as the shortest distance in mm (in.) measured between a point on the top surface of any direct-buried conductor, cable, conduit, or other raceway and the top surface of finished grade, concrete, or similar cover.
2. Raceways approved for burial only where concrete encased shall require a concrete envelope not less than 50 mm (2 in.) thick.
3. Lesser depths shall be permitted where cables and conductors rise for terminations or splices or where access is otherwise required.
4. Where one of the wiring method types listed in Columns 1 through 3 is used for one of the circuit types in Columns 4 and 5, the shallowest depth of burial shall be permitted.
5. Where solid rock prevents compliance with the cover depths specified in this table, the wiring shall be installed in a metal raceway, or a nonmetallic raceway permitted for direct burial. The raceways shall be covered by a minimum of 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete extending down to rock. 6. Directly buried electrical metallic tubing (EMT) shall comply with 358.10.
Exception No. 2: Isolated phase, polarity, grounded conductor, and equipment grounding and bonding conductor installations shall be permitted in nonmetallic raceways or cables with a nonmetallic covering or nonmagnetic sheath in close proximity where conductors are paral- leled as permitted in 310.10(G), and where the conditions of 300.20(B) are met.
(J) Earth Movement. Where direct-buried conductors, race- ways, or cables are subject to movement by settlement or frost, direct-buried conductors, raceways, or cables shall be arranged
so as to prevent damage to the enclosed conductors or to equipment connected to the raceways.
Informational Note: This section recognizes "S" loops in under- ground direct burial cables and conductors to raceway transi- tions, expansion fittings in raceway risers to fixed equipment, and, generally, the provision of flexible connections to equip- ment subject to settlement or frost heaves.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-169
0
e
0
450
18
100
4
100
150
300.5
ARTICLE 300 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
(K) Directional Boring. Cables or raceways installed using directional boring equipment shall be approved for the purposc.
300.6 Protection Against Corrosion and Deterioration. Racc- ways, cable trays, cablebus, auxiliary gutters, cable armor, boxes, cable sheathing, cabinets, enclosures (other than surrounding fences and walls), elbows, couplings, fittings, supports, and support hardware shall be of materials suitable for the environment in which they are to be installed.
(A) Ferrous Metal Equipment. Ferrous metal raceways, cable trays, cablebus, auxiliary gutters, cable armor, boxes, cable sheathing, cabinets, enclosures (other than surrounding fences and walls), elbows, couplings, nipples, fittings, supports, and support hardware shall be suitably protected against corrosion inside and outside (except threads at joints) by a coating of approved corrosion-resistant material. Where corrosion protec- tion is necessary and the conduit is threaded anywhere other than at the factory where the product is listed, the threads shall be coated with an approved electrically conductive, corrosion- resistant compound.
Exception: Stainless steel shall not be required to have protective coat- ings.
(1) Protected from Corrosion Solely by Enamel. Where protected from corrosion solely by enamel, ferrous metal race- ways, cable trays, cablebus, auxiliary gutters, cable armor, boxes, cable sheathing, cabinets, enclosures (other than surrounding fences and walls), elbows, couplings, nipples, fittings, supports, and support hardware shall not be used outdoors or in wet locations as described in 300.6(D).
(2) Organic Coatings on Boxes or Cabinets. Where boxes, cabinets, or enclosures (other than surrounding fences and walls) have an approved system of organic coatings and are marked "Raintight," "Rainproof," or "Outdoor Typc," they shall be permitted outdoors.
(3) In Concrete or in Direct Contact with the Earth. Ferrous metal raceways, cable armor, boxes, cable sheathing, cabinets, enclosures (other than surrounding fences and walls), elbows, couplings, nipples, fittings, supports, and support hardware shall be permitted to be installed in concrete, in direct contact with the carth, or in arcas subject to severe corrosive influences where made of material approved for the condition or where provided with corrosion protection approved for the condition.
(B) Aluminum Metal Equipment. Aluminum raccways, cable trays, cablebus, auxiliary gutters, cable armor, boxes, cable sheathing, cabinets, enclosures (other than surrounding fences and walls), elbows, couplings, nipples, fittings, supports, and support hardware embedded or encased in concrete or in direct contact with the carth shall be provided with supplemen- tary corrosion protection.
(C) Nonmetallic Equipment. Nonmetallic raccways, cable trays, cablebus, auxiliary gutters, boxes, cables with a nonmetal- lic outer jacket and internal metal armor or jacket, cable sheathing, cabinets, enclosures (other than surrounding fences and walls), elbows, couplings, nipples, fittings, supports, and support hardware shall be made of material approved for the condition and shall comply with 300.6(C) (1) and (C)(2) as applicable to the specific installation.
(1) Exposed to Sunlight. Where exposed to sunlight, the mate- rials shall be listed as sunlight resistant or shall be identified as sunlight resistant.
(2) Chemical Exposure. Where subject to exposure to chemi- cal solvents, vapors, splashing, or immersion, materials or coat- ings shall cither be inherently resistant to chemicals based on their listing or be identified for the specific chemical reagent.
(D) Indoor Wet Locations. In portions of dairy processing facilities, laundries, canneries, and other indoor wet locations, and in locations where walls are frequently washed or where there are surfaces of absorbent materials, such as damp paper or wood, the entire wiring system, where installed exposed, including all boxes, cabinets, enclosures (other than surround- ing fences and walls), fittings, raceways, and cable used there- with, shall be mounted so that there is at least a 6 mm (1/4 in.) airspace between it and the wall or supporting surface.
Exception: Nonmetallic raceways, boxes, and fittings shall be permitted to be installed without the airspace on a concrete, masonry, tile, or simi- lar surface.
Informational Note: In general, areas where acids and alkali chemicals are handled and stored might present such corrosive conditions, particularly when wet or damp. Severe corrosive conditions might also be present in portions of meatpacking plants, tanneries, glue houses, and some stables; in installations immediately adjacent to a seashore and swimming pool areas; in areas where chemical deicers are used; and in storage cellars or rooms for hides, casings, fertilizer, salt, and bulk chemicals.
300.7 Raceways Exposed to Different Temperatures.
(A). Sealing. Where portions of a raceway or sleeve are known to be subjected to different temperatures, and where condensa- tion is known to be a problem, as in cold storage arcas of build- ings or where passing from the interior to the exterior of a building, the raceway or sleeve shall be scaled to prevent the circulation of warm air to a colder section of the raceway or sleeve. Sealants shall be identified for use with cable insulation, conductor insulation, a bare conductor, a shield, or other components. An explosionproof scal shall not be required for this purpose.
(B) Expansion, Expansion-Deflection, and Deflection Fittings. Raccways shall be provided with expansion, expansion- deflection, or deflection fittings where necessary to compen- sate for thermal expansion, deflection, and contraction.
Informational Note No. 1: Table 352.44(A) and Table 355.44 provide the expansion information for polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and for reinforced therinosetting resin conduit (RTRC), respec- tively. A nominal number for steel conduit can be determined by multiplying the expansion length in Table 352.44(A) by 0.20. The coefficient of expansion for steel electrical metallic tubing, intermediate metal conduit, and rigid metal conduit is 1.170 x 103 (0.00001 17 mm per mm of conduit for each  in tempera- ture change) [0.650 x 10° (0.0000065 in. per in. of conduit for each OF in temperature change)].
A nominal number for aluminum conduit and aluminum electrical metallic tubing can be determined by multiplying the expansion length in Table 352.44(A) by 0.40. The coefficient of expansion for aluminum electrical metallic tubing and alumi- num rigid metal conduit is 2.34 x 10° (0.0000234 mm per mm of conduit for each  in temperature change) [1.30 x 10° (0.000013 in. per in. of conduit for each OF in temperature change)].
Informational Note No. 2: See NEMA FB 2.40-2019, Installation Guidelines for Expansion and Expansion/Deflection Fittings, for
70-170
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
300.15
ARTICLE 300 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
further information on expansion and expansion deflection fittings.
300.8 Installation of Conductors With Other Systems. Racc- ways or cable trays containing electrical conductors shall not contain any pipe, tube, or cqual for steam, water, air, gas, drain- age, or any service other than electrical.
300.9 Raceways in Wet Locations Above Grade. Where race- ways are installed in wet locations above grade, the interior of these raceways shall be considered to be a wet location. Insula- ted conductors and cables installed in raceways in wet locations above grade shall comply with 310.10(C).
300.10 Electrical Continuity of Metal Raceways, Cable Armor, and Enclosures. Metal raceways, cable armor, and other metal enclosures for conductors shall be metallically joined together into a continuous electrical conductor and shall be connected to all boxes, fittings, and cabinets to provide effective electrical continuity. Unless specifically permitted elsewhere in this Code, raceways and cable assemblies shall be mechanically secured to boxes, fittings, cabinets, and other enclosures.
Exception No. 1: Short sections of raceways used to provide support or protection of cable assemblies from physical damage shall not be required to be made electrically continuous.
Exception No. 2: Equipment enclosures to be isolated, as permitted by 250.96(B), shall not be required to be metallically joined to the metal raceway.
300.11 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Secured in Place. Raccways, cable assemblies, boxes, cabi- nets, and fittings shall be securely fastened in place.
(B) Wiring Systems Installed Above Suspended Ceilings. Support wires that do not provide secure support shall not be the sole support. Support wires and associated fittings that provide secure support and that are installed in addition to the ceiling grid support wires shall be permitted as the sole support. Where independent support wires are used, they shall be secured at both ends. Cables and raceways shall not be supported by ceiling grids.
(1) Fire-Rated Assemblies. Wiring located within the cavity of a fire-rated floor-ceiling or roof-ceiling assembly shall not be secured to, or supported by, the ceiling assembly, including the ceiling support wires. An independent means of secure support shall be provided and shall be permitted to be attached to the assembly. Where independent support wires are used, they shall be distinguishable by color, tagging, or other effective means from those that are part of the fire-rated design.
Exception: The ceiling support system shall be permitted to support wiring and equipment that have been tested as part of the fire-rated assembly.
Informational Note: See ASTM E119, Standard Test Methods for Fire Tests of Building Construction and Materials, for one method of testing to determine fire rating.
(2) Non-Fire-Rated Assemblies. Wiring located within the cavity of a non-fire-rated floor-ceiling or roof-ceiling assembly shall not be secured to, or supported by, the ceiling assembly, including the ceiling support wires. An independent means of secure support shall be provided and shall be permitted to be attached to the assembly. Where independent support wires are used, they shall be distinguishable by color, tagging, or other effective means.
Exception: The ceiling support system shall be permitted to support branch-circuit wiring and associated equipment where installed in accordance with the ceiling system manufacturer's instructions.
(C) Raceways Used as Means of Support. Raccways shall be used only as a means of support for other raceways, cables, or nonelectrical equipment under any of the following condi- tions:
(1) Where the raceway or means of support is identified as a means of support
(2) Where the raceway contains power supply conductors for electrically controlled equipment and is used to support Class 2 or Class 3 circuit conductors or cables that are solely for the purpose of connection to the equipment control circuits
(3) Where the raceway is used to support boxes or conduit bodies in accordance with 314.23 or to support lumin- aires in accordance with 410.36(E)
(D) Cables Not Used as Means of Support. Cable wiring meth- ods shall not be used as a means of support for other cables, raceways, or nonelectrical equipment.
300.12 Mechanical Continuity - Raceways and Cables. Racc- ways, cable armors, and cable sheaths shall be continuous between cabinets, boxes, conduit bodies, fittings, or other enclosures or outlets.
Exception No. 1: Short sections of raceways used to provide support or protection of cable assemblies from physical damage shall not be required to be mechanically continuous.
Exception No. 2: Raceways and cables installed into the bottom of open bottom equipment, such as switchboards, motor control centers, and floor or pad-mounted transformers, shall not be required to be mechani- cally secured to the equipment.
300.13 Mechanical and Electrical Continuity - Conductors.
(A) General. Conductors in raccways shall be continuous between outlets, boxes, devices, and so forth. There shall be no splice or tap within a raceway unless permitted by 300.15, 368.56(A), 376.56, 378.56, 384.56, 386.56, 388.56, or 390.56.
(B) Device Removal. In multiwire branch circuits, the continuity of a grounded conductor shall not depend on device connections such as lampholders, receptacles, and so forth where the removal of such devices would interrupt the continuity.
300.14 Length of Free Conductors at Outlets, Junctions, and Switch Points. At least 150 mm (6 in.) of free conductor, mcas- ured from the point in the box where it emerges from its race- way or cable sheath, shall be left at cach outlet, junction, and switch point for splices or the connection of luminaires or devi- ces. The 150 mm (6 in.) frec conductor shall be permitted to be spliced or unspliced. Where the opening to an outlet, junc- tion, or switch point is less than 200 mm (8 in.) in any dimen- sion, cach conductor shall be long enough to extend at least 75 mm (3 in.) outside the opening.
Exception: Conductors that are not spliced or terminated at the outlet, junction, or switch point shall not be required to comply with 300.14.
300.15 Boxes, Conduit Bodies, or Fittings - Where Required. A box shall be installed at cach outlet and switch point for concealed knob-and-tube wiring.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-171
300.15
ARTICLE 300 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
Fittings and connectors shall be used only with the specific wiring methods for which they are designed and listed.
Where the wiring method is conduit, tubing, Type AC cable, Type MC cable, Type MI cable, nonmetallic-shcathed cable, or other cables, a box or conduit body shall be installed at cach outlet point, switch point, conductor splice point, conductor junction point, conductor termination point, wiring method transition point, or conductor pull point, unless otherwise permitted in 300.15(A) through (L).
(A) Wiring Methods with Interior Access. A box or conduit body shall not be required for cach splice, junction, switch, pull, termination, or outlet points in wiring methods with removable covers, such as wireways, multioutlet assemblies, auxiliary gutters, and surface raceways. The covers shall be accessible after installation.
(B) Equipment. An integral junction box or wiring compart- ment as part of approved equipment shall be permitted in licu of a box.
(C) Protection. A box or conduit body shall not be required where cables enter or exit from conduit or tubing that is used to provide cable support or protection against physical damage. A fitting shall be provided on the end(s) of the conduit or tubing to protect the cable from abrasion.
(D) Type MI Cable. A box or conduit body shall not be required where accessible fittings are used for straight-through splices in mineral-insulated metal-shcathed cable.
(E) Integral Enclosure. A wiring device with integral enclosure identified for the use, having brackets that securely fasten the device to walls or ceilings of conventional on-site frame construction, for use with nonmetallic-shcathed cable, shall be permitted in lieu of a box or conduit body.
Informational Note: See 334.30(C); 545.10; 550.15(I); 551.47(E), Exception No. 1; and 552.48(E), Exception No. 1.
(F) Fitting. A fitting identified for the use shall be permitted in licu of a box or conduit body where conductors are not spliced or terminated within the fitting. The fitting shall be accessible after installation, unless listed for concealed installa- tion.
(G) Direct-Buried Conductors and Cables. As permitted in 300.5(E), a box or conduit body shall not be required for spli- ces and taps in direct-buried conductors and cables.
(H) Insulated Devices. As permitted in 334.40(B), a box or conduit body shall not be required for insulated devices supplied by nonmetallic-shcathed cable.
(I) Enclosures. A box or conduit body shall not be required where a splice, switch, terminal, or pull point is in a cabinet or cutout box, in an enclosure for a switch or overcurrent device as permitted in 312.8, in a motor controller as permitted in 430.10(A), or in a motor control center.
(J) Luminaires. A box or conduit body shall not be required where a luminaire is used as a raceway as permitted in 410.64.
(K) Embedded. A box or conduit body shall not be required for splices where conductors are embedded as permitted in 424.40, 424.41 (D), 426.22(C), 426.24(A), and 427.19(A).
(L) Manholes and Handhole Enclosures. A box or conduit body shall not be required for conductors in manholes or
handhole enclosures, except where connecting to electrical equipment. The installation shall comply with Part V of Article 110 for manholes, and 314.30 for handhole enclosures.
300.16 Raceway or Cable to Open or Concealed Wiring.
(A) Box, Conduit Body, or Fitting. A box, conduit body, or terminal fitting having a separately bushed hole for cach conductor shall be used wherever a change is made from conduit, electrical metallic tubing, electrical nonmetallic tubing, nonmetallic-shcathed cable, Type AC cable, Type MC cable, or mineral-insulated, metal-shcathed cable and surface raceway wiring to open wiring or to concealed knob-and-tube wiring. A fitting used for this purpose shall contain no taps or splices and shall not be used at luminaire outlets. A conduit body used for this purpose shall contain no taps or splices unless it complies with 314.16(C) (2).
(B) Bushing. A bushing shall be permitted in licu of a box or terminal where the conductors emerge from a raceway and enter or terminate at equipment, such as open switchboards, unenclosed control equipment, or similar equipment. The bushing shall be of the insulating type for other than Icad- shcathed conductors.
300.17 Number and Size of Conductors and Cables in Race- way. The number and size of conductors and cables in any raceway shall not be more than will permit dissipation of the heat and ready installation or withdrawal of the conductors or cables without damage to the conductors or cables, or to their insulation.
Informational Note: See the following sections of this Code. intermediate metal conduit, 342.22; rigid metal conduit, 344.22; flexible metal conduit, 348.22; liquidtight flexible metal conduit, 350.22; PVC conduit, 352.22; HDPE conduit, 353.22; RTRC, 355.22; liquidtight nonmetallic flexible conduit, 356.22; electrical metallic tubing, 358.22; flexible metallic tubing, 360.22; electrical nonmetallic tubing, 362.22; cellular concrete floor raceways, 372.22; cellular metal floor raceways, 374.22; metal wireways, 376.22; nonmetallic wireways, 378.22; surface metal raceways, 386.22; surface nonmetallic raceways, 388.22; underfloor raceways, 390.22; fixture wire, 402.7; theaters, 520.6; signs, 600.31(C); elevators, 620.33; audio signal processing, amplification, and reproduction equipment, 640.23(A) and 640.24; Class 1 circuits, 724.3(A); Class 2, Class 3, Class 4, and power-limited fire alarn (PLFA) circuits, 722.3(A); non-power- limited fire alarm (NPLFA) circuits, 760.3(H); and optical fiber cables and raceways, 770.110(B).
300.18 Raceway Installations.
(A) Complete Runs. Raccways other than busways, listed manufactured assemblies in accordance with 604.100, or exposed raceways having hinged or removable covers shall be installed complete between outlet, junction, or splicing points prior to the installation of conductors or cables. Where required to facilitate the installation of utilization equipment, the raceway shall be permitted to be initially installed without a terminating connection at the equipment. Prewired raceway assemblies shall be permitted only where specifically permitted in this Code for the applicable wiring method.
Exception: Short sections of raceways used to contain conductors or cable assemblies for protection from physical damage shall not be required to be installed complete between outlet, junction, or splicing points.
(B) Welding. Mctal raccways shall not be supported, termina- ted, or connected by welding to the raceway unless specifically
70-172
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 300-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
300.21
designed to be or otherwise specifically permitted to be in this Code.
300.19 Supporting Conductors in Vertical Raceways.
(A) Spacing Intervals - Maximum. Conductors in vertical raccways shall be supported if the vertical rise exceeds the values in Table 300.19(A). Atleast one support method shall be provided for cach conductor at the top of the vertical raceway or as close to the top as practical. Intermediate supports shall be provided as necessary to limit supported conductor lengths to not greater than those values specified in Table 300.19(A).
Exception: Steel wire armor cable shall be supported at the top of the riser with a cable support that clamps the steel wire armor. A safety device shall be permitted at the lower end of the riser to hold the cable in the event there is slippage of the cable in the wire-armored cable support. Additional wedge-type supports shall be permitted to relieve the strain on the equipment terminals caused by expansion of the cable under load.
(B) Fire-Resistive Cables and Conductors. Support methods and spacing intervals for fire-resistive cables and conductors shall comply with any restrictions provided in the listing of the electrical circuit protective system or fire-resistive cable system used and in no case shall exceed the values in Table 300.19(A).
(C) Support Methods. One of the following methods of support shall be used:
(1) Clamping devices constructed of or employing insulating wedges inserted in the ends of the raceways. Where clamping of insulation docs not adequately support the cable, the conductor also shall be clamped.
(2) Inserting boxes at the required intervals in which insulat- ing supports are installed and secured in an approved manner to withstand the weight of the conductors attached thereto, the boxes being provided with covers.
(3) In junction boxes, deflecting the cables not less than 90 degrees and carrying them horizontally to a distance not less than twice the diameter of the cable, with the cables being carried on two or more insulating supports and additionally secured thereto by tic wires, if desired. Where this method is used, cables shall be supported at intervals not greater than 20 percent of the support spac- ing in Table 300.19(A).
(4) Other approved means.
300.20 Induced Currents in Ferrous Metal Enclosures or Ferrous Metal Raceways.
(A) Conductors Grouped Together. Where conductors carry- ing alternating current are installed in ferrous metal enclosures or ferrous metal raceways, they shall be arranged so as to avoid heating the surrounding ferrous metal by induction. To accom- plish this, all phase conductors and, where used, the grounded conductor and all equipment grounding conductors shall be grouped together.
Exception No. 1: Equipment grounding conductors for certain existing installations shall be permitted to be installed separate from their associ- ated circuit conductors where run in accordance with 250.130(C).
Exception No. 2: A single conductor shall be permitted to be installed in a ferromagnetic enclosure and used for skin-effect heating in accordance with 426.42 and 427.47.
(B) Individual Conductors. Where a single conductor carrying alternating current passes through metal with magnetic proper- tics, the inductive effect shall be minimized by either cutting slots in the metal between the individual holes through which the individual conductors pass or passing all the conductors in the circuit through an insulating wall sufficiently large for all of the conductors of the circuit.
Exception: In the case of circuits supplying vacuum or electric-discharge lighting systems or signs or X-ray apparatus, the currents carried by the conductors are so small that the inductive heating effect can be ignored where these conductors are placed in metal enclosures or pass through metal.
Informational Note: Because aluminum is not a magnetic metal, there will be no heating due to hysteresis; however, induced currents will be present. They will not be of sufficient magnitude to require grouping of conductors or special treatment in pass- ing conductors through aluminum wall sections.
300.21 Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Electrical installations in hollow spaces, vertical shafts, and ventilation or air-handling ducts shall be made so that the possible spread of fire or products of combustion will not be substantially increased. Openings around electrical penetrations into or through fire-resistant-rated walls, partitions, floors, or ceilings shall be firestopped using approved methods to maintain the fire resistance rating.
Informational Note: Directories of electrical construction mate- rials published by qualified testing laboratories contain many listing installation restrictions necessary to maintain the fire- resistive rating of assemblies where penetrations or openings are
Table 300.19(A) Spacings for Conductor Supports
Conductors
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
Copper
Conductor Size
Support of Conductors in Vertical Raceways
m
ft
m
ft
18 AWG through 8 AWG
Not greater than
30
100
30
100
6 AWG through 1/0 AWG
Not greater than
60
200
30
100
2/0 AWG through 4/0 AWG
Not greater than
55
180
25
80
Over 4/0 AWG through 350 kcmil
Not greater than
41
135
18
60
Over 350 kcmil through 500 kcmil
Not greater than
36
120
15
50
Over 500 kcmil through 750 kcmil
Not greater than
28
95
12
40
Over 750 kcmil
Not greater than
26
85
11
35
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-173
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
300.22
ARTICLE 300 - GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR WIRING METHODS AND MATERIALS
made. Building codes also contain restrictions on membrane penetrations on opposite sides of a fire-resistance-rated wall assembly. An example is the 600-mm (24-in.) minimum horizon- tal separation that usually applies between boxes installed on opposite sides of the wall. Assistance in complying with the requirements of 300.21 can be found in building codes, fire resistance directories, and product listings.
300.22 Wiring in Ducts Not Used for Air Handling, Fabricated Ducts for Environmental Air, and Other Spaces for Environ- mental Air (Plenums). The requirements of this section shall apply to the installation and uses of electrical wiring and cquip- ment in ducts used for dust, loose stock, or vapor removal; ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air; and other spaces used for environmental air (plenums).
Informational Note: See Part VI of Article 424 for requirements on duct heaters.
(A) Ducts for Dust, Loose Stock, or Vapor Removal. No wiring systems of any type shall be installed in ducts used to transport dust, loose stock, or flammable vapors. No wiring system of any type shall be installed in any duct, or shaft containing only such ducts, used for vapor removal or for ventilation of commercial- type cooking equipment.
(B) Ducts Specifically Fabricated for Environmental Air. Equipment, devices, and the wiring methods specified in this section shall be permitted within such ducts only if necessary for the direct action upon, or sensing of, the contained air. Where equipment or devices are installed and illumination is necessary to facilitate maintenance and repair, enclosed gasketed-type luminaires shall be permitted.
Only wiring methods consisting of Type MI cable without an overall nonmetallic covering, Type MC cable employing a smooth or corrugated impervious metal sheath without an overall nonmetallic covering, electrical metallic tubing, flexible metallic tubing, intermediate metal conduit, or rigid metal conduit without an overall nonmetallic covering shall be installed in ducts specifically fabricated to transport environ- mental air. Flexible metal conduit shall be permitted, in lengths not to exceed 1.2 m (4 ft), to connect physically adjust- able equipment and devices permitted to be in these fabricated ducts. The connectors used with flexible metal conduit shall effectively close any openings in the connection.
Exception: Wiring methods and cabling systems, listed for use in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums), shall be permitted to be installed in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air-handling purposes under both of the following conditions:
(1) The wiring methods or cabling systems shall be permitted only if necessary to connect to equipment or devices associated with the direct action upon or sensing of the contained air.
(2) The total length of such wiring methods or cabling systems shall not exceed 1.2 m (4 ft).
(C) Other Spaces Used for Environmental Air (Plenums). This section shall apply to spaces not specifically fabricated for envi- ronmental air-handling purposes but used for air-handling purposes as a plenum. This section shall not apply to habitable rooms or arcas of buildings, the prime purpose of which is not air handling.
Informational Note No. 1: The space over a hung ceiling used for environmental air-handling purposes is an example of the type of other space to which this section applies.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 90A, Standard for the Instal- lation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, and other mechanical codes for information on how the tenn other spares used for environmental air (plenum), as used in this section, corre- lates with the use of the term plenumwhere the plenum is used for return air purposes, as well as some other air-handling spaces.
Exception: This section shall not apply to the joist or stud spaces of dwelling units where the wiring passes through such spaces perpendicu- lar to the long dimension of such spaces.
(1) Wiring Methods. The wiring methods for other spaces used for environmental air shall be limited to totally enclosed, nonventilated, insulated busway having no provisions for plug- in connections, Type MI cable without an overall nonmetallic covering, Type MC cable without an overall nonmetallic cover- ing, Type AC cable, or other factory-assembled multiconductor control or power cable that is specifically listed for use within an air-handling space, or listed prefabricated cable as.semblics of metallic manufactured wiring systems without nonmetallic sheath. Other types of cables, conductors, and raceways shall be permitted to be installed in electrical metallic tubing, flexible metallic tubing, intermediate metal conduit, rigid metal conduit without an overall nonmetallic covering, flexible metal conduit, or, where accessible, surface metal raceway or metal wircway with metal covers.
Nonmetallic cable tics and other nonmetallic cable accesso- rics used to secure and support cables shall be listed as having low smoke and heat release properties.
Informational Note: See UL 2043, Fine Test for Heat and Visible Smoke Release for Discrete Products and Their Accessories Installed in Air-Handling Spares, for one method of testing low smoke and heat release properties for nonmetallic cable ties and other nonmetallic cable accessories to detennine a maximum peak optical density of 0.50 or less, an average optical density of 0.15 or less, and a peak heat release rate of 100 kW or less.
(2) Cable Tray Systems. The requirements in 300.22(C) (2) (a) or (C) (2) (b) shall apply to the use of metallic cable tray systems in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums), where accessible.
(a) Metal Cable Tray Systems. Mctal cable tray systems shall be permitted to support the wiring methods specified in 300.22(C) (1).
(b) Solid Side and Bottom Metal Cable Tray Systems. Solid side and bottom metal cable tray systems with solid metal covers shall be permitted to enclose wiring methods and cables not already covered in 300.22(C) (1) in accordance with 392.10(A) and (B).
(3) Equipment. Electrical equipment with a metal enclosure, or electrical equipment with a nonmetallic enclosure listed for use within an air-handling space and having low smoke and heat release properties, and associated wiring material suitable for the ambient temperature shall be permitted to be installed in such other spaces unless prohibited elsewhere in this Code.
Informational Note: See UL 2043, Fire Test for Heat and Visible Smoke Release for Discrete Products and Their Accessories Installed in Air-Handling Spares, for one method of testing low smoke and heat release properties to determine that the equipment exhib- its a maximum peak optical density of 0.50 or less, an average optical density of 0.15 or less, and a peak heat release rate of 100 kW or less.
Exception: Integral fan systems shall be permitted where specifically identified for use within an air-handling space.
70-174
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 305 - WIRING METHODS/MATERIALS FOR SYSTEMS RATED OVER 1000 V AC, 1500 V DC, NOMINAL 305.5
(D) Information Technology Equipment. Where the installa- tion complies with the special requirements specified in 645.4, electrical wiring in air-handling arcas bencath raised floors for information technology equipment shall be permitted in accordance with 645.5(E).
300.23 Panels Designed to Allow Access. Cables, raceways, and equipment installed behind panels designed to allow access, including suspended ceiling panels, shall be arranged and secured to allow the removal of panels and access to the cquip- ment.
300.25 Exit Enclosures (Stair Towers). Where an exit enclo- sure is required to have a fire resistance rating, only electrical wiring methods serving equipment permitted by the authority having jurisdiction in the exit enclosure shall be installed within the exit enclosure.
Exception: Where egress lighting is required on outside exterior door- ways from the exit enclosure, luminaires shall be permitted to be supplied from the inside of the exit enclosure.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, 7.1.3.2.1(10) (b), for more information.
300.26 Remote-Control and Signaling Circuits Classification. Remote-control and signaling circuits shall be classified as cither power-limited or non-power-limited and comply with the following:
(1) Class 1 power-limited remote-control and signaling circuits shall comply with 724.3.
(2) Class 2 and Class 3 power-limited remote-control and signaling circuits shall comply with 725.3.
(3) Non-power-limited remote-control and signaling circuits shall be installed in accordance with 300.2 through 300.25.
ARTICLE 305 General Requirements for Wiring Methods and Materials for Systems Rated Over 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts dc, Nominal
305.1 Scope. This article covers wiring methods and materials for systems rated over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal.
305.3 Other Articles. Conductors shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with any of the wiring methods identi- ficd in Table 305.3.
Exposed runs of Type MV cables, bare conductors, and bare busbars shall be permitted in locations accessible only to quali- fied persons. Busbars shall be permitted to be cither copper or aluminum.
Exception: Airfield lighting cable used in series circuits that are powered by regulators and installed in restricted airport lighting vaults shall be permitted as exposed cable installations.
Informational Note: An example of a common application is FAA L-824 cables installed as exposed runs within a restricted vault area.
Table 305.3 Wiring Methods Permitted for Use in Systems Rated Over 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts de, Nominal
Wiring Methods Permitted for Use Above 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts dc
Voltage Levels
Reference
Pull and junction boxes,
Over 1000
Article 314, Part IV
conduit bodies, and handhole enclosures
1000-35,000
Article 330
Type P cable
1000-2000
Article 337
Intermediate metal
Over 1000
Article 342
Rigid metal conduit (R.V.C)
Over 1000
Article 344
Rigid polyvinyl chloride
Over 1000
Article 352
Reinforced
Over 1000
Article 355
thermosetting resin
conduit (RTRC)
Over 1000
Article 358
Auxiliary gutters
Over 1000
Article 366
Busway
Over 1000
Article 368, Part IV
Cablebus
1000-35,000
Article 370
Cable trays
1000-35,000
Article 392
Messenger-supported
1000-35,000
Article 396
wiring
Outdoor overhead
Over 1000
Article 395
conductors
Insulated bus pipe (IBP)
1000-35,000 ac
Article 369
305.4 Conductors of Different Systems. Conductors of circuits rated over 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal, shall not occupy the same equipment wiring enclosure, cable, or raceway with conductors of circuits rated 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal, or less unless otherwise permitted as follows:
(1) Where contained within the individual wiring enclosure, primary leads of electric-discharge lamp ballasts insulated for the primary voltage of the ballast shall be permitted to occupy the same luminaire, sign, or outline lighting enclosure as the branch-circuit conductors.
(2) Excitation, control, relay, and ammeter conductors used in connection with any individual motor or starter shall be permitted to occupy the same enclosure as the motor- circuit conductors.
(3) Conductors of different voltage ratings shall be permitted in motors, transformers, switchgear, switchboards, control assemblies, and similar equipment.
(4) If the conductors of cach system in a manhole are perma- nently and effectively separated from the conductors of the other systems and securely fastened to racks, insula- tors, or other approved supports, conductors of different voltage ratings shall be permitted.
Conductors having nonshielded insulation and operating at different voltage levels shall not occupy the same enclosure, cable, or raceway.
305.5 Conductor Bending Radius. The conductor shall not be bent to a radius less than 8 times the overall diameter for nonshielded conductors or 12 times the overall diameter for shielded or lead-covered conductors during or after installa- tion. For multiconductor or multiplexed single-conductor
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-175
Metal-clad cable (Type MC)
conduit (IMC)
conduit (PVC)
Electrical metallic tubing (EMT)
305.6 ARTICLE 305 - WIRING METHODS/MATERIALS FOR SYSTEMS RATED OVER 1000 V AC, 1500 V DC, NOMINAL
cables having individually shielded conductors, the minimum bending radius shall be 12 times the diameter of the individu- ally shielded conductors or 7 times the overall diameter, which- ever is greater.
305.6 Protection Against Induction Heating. Metallic raccways and associated conductors shall be arranged to avoid heating of the raceway in accordance with 300.20.
305.7 Covers Required. Suitable covers shall be installed on all boxes, fittings, and similar enclosures to prevent accidental contact with energized parts or physical damage to parts or insulation.
305.8 Raceways in Wet Locations Above Grade. Where race- ways are installed in wet locations above grade, the interior of these raceways shall be considered to be a wet location. Insula- ted conductors and cables installed in raceways in wet locations above grade shall be either moisture-impervious metal- sheathed or of a type listed for use in wet locations.
305.9 Braid-Covered Insulated Conductors - Exposed Instal- lation. Exposed runs of braid-covered insulated conductors shall have a flame-retardant braid. If the conductors used do not have this protection, a flame-retardant saturant shall be applied to the braid covering after installation. This treated braid covering shall be stripped back a safe distance at conduc- tor terminals, according to the operating voltage. Where practi- cable, this distance shall not be less than 25 mm (1 in.) for cach kilovolt of the conductor-to-ground voltage of the circuit.
305.10 Insulation Shielding. Metallic and semiconducting insulation shielding components of shielded cables shall be removed for a distance dependent on the circuit voltage and insulation. Stress reduction means shall be provided at all terminations of factory-applied shielding.
Metallic shielding components such as tapes, wires, or braids, or combinations of them, shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor, an equipment grounding busbar, or a grounding electrode.
305.11 Moisture or Mechanical Protection for Metal-Sheathed Cables. Where cable conductors emerge from a metal sheath and where protection against moisture or physical damage is necessary, the insulation of the conductors shall be protected by a cable sheath terminating device.
305.12 Danger Signs. Danger signs. shall be conspicuously posted at points of access to conductors in all raceway systems and cable systems. The sign(s) shall meet the requirements in 110.21(B), shall be readily visible, and shall state the following:
DANGER-HIGH VOLTAGE-KEEP OUT
305.15 Underground Installations.
(A) General. Underground conductors shall be identified for the voltage and conditions under which they are installed. Conductors used for direct-burial applications shall be of a type identified for such usc. Underground cables shall be installed in accordance with 305.15(A) (1), (A)(2), or (A) (3), and the installation shall meet the depth requirements of Table 305.15(A).
(1) Shielded Cables and Nonshielded Cables in Metal- Sheathed Cable Assemblies. Underground cables, including nonshielded, Type MC and moisture-impervious metal sheath cables, shall have those sheaths grounded through an effective
grounding path meeting the requirements of 250.4(A)(5) or 250.4(B)(4). They shall be direct buried or installed in race- ways identified for the use.
(2) Industrial Establishments. In industrial establishments, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installed cable, nonshielded single-conductor cables with insulation types up to 2000 volts that are listed for direct burial shall be permitted to be directly buricd.
(3) Other Nonshielded Cables. Other nonshielded cables not covered in 305.15(A) (1) or (A) (2) shall be installed in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, or rigid nonmetal- lic conduit encased in not less than 75 mm (3 in.) of concrete.
(B) Wet Locations. The interior of enclosures or raceways installed underground shall be considered to be a wet location. Insulated conductors and cables installed in these enclosures or raceways in underground installations shall be listed for use in wet locations and shall be either moisture-impervious metal- shcathed or of a type listed for use in wet locations. Any connections or splices in an underground installation shall be approved for wet locations.
(C) Protection from Damage. Conductors emerging from the ground shall be enclosed in listed raceways. Raceways installed on poles shall be of rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, RTRC-XW, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, or equivalent, extending from the minimum cover depth specified in Table 305.15(A) to a point 2.5 m (8 ft) above finished grade. Conduc- tors entering a building shall be protected by an approved enclosure or raceway from the minimum cover depth to the point of entrance. Where direct-buried conductors, raccways, or cables are subject to movement by settlement or frost, they shall be installed to prevent damage to the enclosed conduc- tors or to the equipment connected to the raceways. Metallic enclosures shall be grounded.
(D) Splices. Direct burial cables shall be permitted to be spliced or tapped without the use of splice boxes if they are installed using materials suitable for the application. The taps and splices shall be watertight and protected from mechanical damage. Where cables are shielded, the shielding shall be continuous across the splice or tap.
Exception: At splices of an engineered cabling system, metallic shields of direct-buried single-conductor cables with maintained spacing between phases shall be permitted to be interrupted and overlapped. Where shields are interrupted and overlapped, each shield section shall be grounded at one point.
(E) Backfill. Backfill containing large rocks, paving materials, cinders, large or sharply angular substances, or corrosive mate- rials shall not be placed in an excavation where materials can damage or contribute to the corrosion of raceways, cables, or other substructures or where it might prevent adequate compaction of fill.
Protection in the form of granular or selected material or suitable sleeves shall be provided to prevent physical damage to the raceway or cable.
(F) Raceway Seal. Where a raceway enters from an under- ground system, the end within the building shall be scaled with an identified compound to prevent the entrance of moisture.
70-176
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
310.3
ARTICLE 310-CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Informational Note: Presence of hazardous gases or vapors might also necessitate sealing of underground conduits or race- ways entering buildings.
ARTICLE 310 Conductors for General Wiring
Part I. General
310.1 Scope. This article covers general requirements for conductors rated up to and including 2000 volts and their type designations, insulations, markings, mechanical strengths, ampacity ratings, and uses. These requirements do not apply to conductors that form an integral part of equipment, such as motors, motor controllers, and similar equipment, or to conductors specifically provided for elsewhere in this Code.
310.3 Conductors.
(A) Minimum Size of Conductors. The minimum size of conductors for voltage ratings up to and including 2000 volts shall be 14 AWG copper or 12 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum, except as permitted elsewhere in this Code.
(B) Conductor Material. Conductors in this article shall be of copper, aluminum, or copper-clad aluminum, unless otherwise
specified. Aluminum and copper-clad aluminum shall comply with the following:
(1) Solid aluminum conductors 8, 10, and 12 AWG shall be made of an AA-8000 series electrical grade aluminum alloy conductor material.
(2) Stranded aluminum conductors 8 AWG through 1000 kcmil marked as Type RHH, RHW, XHHW, XHHN, XHWN, THW, THHW, THWN, THHN, service-entrance Type SE Style U, and SE Style R shall be made of an AA-8000 series electrical grade aluminum alloy conductor material.
(3) For copper-clad aluminum conductors, the copper shall form a minimum 10 percent of the cross-sectional arca of a solid conductor or cach strand of a stranded conductor. The aluminum core of a copper-clad aluminum conduc- tor shall be made of an AA-8000 series electrical grade aluminum alloy conductor material.
(4) Copper-clad aluminum conductor material shall be listed.
(C) Stranded Conductors. Where installed in raccways, conductors 8 AWG and larger shall be stranded, unless specifi- cally permitted or required elsewhere in this Code to be solid.
(D) Insulated. Conductors not specifically permitted else- where in this Code to be covered or bare shall be insulated.
Informational Note: See 250.184 for insulation of neutral conductors of a solidly grounded high-voltage system.
Table 305.15(A) Minimum Cover Requirements
General Conditions (not otherwise specified)
Special Conditions (use if applicable)
Column 1
Column 2
Column 3
Column 4
Column 5
Column 6
Direct-Buried Cables1
Electrical Metallic Tubing, RTRC, PVC, and HDPE Conduit2
Rigid Metal Conduit and Intermediate Metal Conduit
Raceways Under Buildings or Exterior Concrete Slabs, 100 mm (4 in.) Minimum Thickness3
Cables in Airport Runways or Adjacent Areas Where Trespass Is Prohibited
Areas Subject to Vehicular Traffic, Such as Thoroughfares and Commercial Parking Areas
Circuit Voltage
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
Over 1000 V ac, 1500 V dc, through 22 kV
750
30
450
18
150
6
100
4
450
18
600
24
Over 22 kV through 40 kV
900
36
600
24
150
6
100
4
450
18
600
24
Over 40 kV
1000
42
750
30
150
6
100
4
450
18
600
24
Notes:
1. Cover shall be defined as the shortest distance in millimeters (inches) measured between a point on the top surface of any direct-buried conductor, cable, conduit, or other raceway and the top surface of finished grade, concrete, or similar cover.
2. Lesser depths shall be permitted where cables and conductors rise for terminations or splices or where access is otherwise required.
3. Where solid rock prevents compliance with the cover depthsspecified in this table, the wiring shall be installed in a metal or nonmetallic raceway permitted for direct burial. The raceways shall be covered by a minimum of 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete extending down to rock.
4. In industrial establishments, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that qualified persons will service the installation, the minimum cover requirements for other than rigid metal conduit and intermediate metal conduit shall be permitted to be reduced 150 mm (6 in.) for each 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete or equivalent placed entirely within the trench over the underground installation.
'Underground direct-buried cables that are not encased or protected by concrete and are buried 750 mm (30 in.) or more below grade shall have their location identified by a warning ribbon that is placed in the trench at least 300 mm (12 in.) above the cables. ?Listed by a qualified testing agency as suitable for direct burial without encasement. All other nonmetallic systems shall require 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete or equivalent above conduit in addition to the table depth.
'The slab shall extend a minimum of 150 mm (6 in.) beyond the underground installation, and a warning ribbon or other effective means suitable for the conditions shall be placed above the underground installation.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-177
310.4
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Part II. Construction Specifications
310.4 Conductor Constructions and Applications. Insulated conductors shall comply with Table 310.4(1) and Table 310.4(2).
Informational Note: Thennoplastic insulation may stiffen at temperatures lower than -10 (+14ºF). Thennoplastic insula- tion may also be defonned at normal temperatures where subjected to pressure, such as at points of support.
310.6 Conductor Identification.
(A) Grounded Conductors. Insulated or covered grounded conductors shall be identified in accordance with 200.6.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment ground- ing conductors shall be identified in accordance with 250.119.
(C) Ungrounded Conductors. Conductors that are intended for use as ungrounded conductors, whether used as a single conductor or in multiconductor cables, shall be finished to be clearly distinguishable from grounded conductors and cquip- ment grounding conductors. Distinguishing markings shall not conflict in any manner with the surface markings required by 310.8(B) (1). Branch-circuit ungrounded conductors shall be identified in accordance with 210.5(C). Feeders shall be identi- ficd in accordance with 215.12(C)
Exception: Conductor identification shall be permitted in accordance with 200.7.
310.8 Marking.
(A) Required Information. All conductors and cables shall be marked to indicate the following information, using the appli- cable method described in 310.8(B):
(1) The maximum rated voltage.
(2) The proper type letter or letters for the type of wire or cable as specified elsewhere in this Code.
(3) The manufacturer's name, trademark, or other distinctive marking by which the organization responsible for the product can be readily identified.
(4) The AWG size or circular mil arca.
Informational Note: See Chapter 9, Table 8, Conductor Proper- ties, for conductor area expressed in SI units for conductor sizes specified in AWG or circular mil area.
(5) Cable assemblies where the neutral conductor is smaller than the ungrounded conductors shall be so marked.
(B) Method of Marking.
(1) Surface Marking. The following conductors and cables shall be durably marked on the surface:
(1) Single-conductor and multiconductor thermoset and thermoplastic-insulated wire and cable
(2) Nonmetallic-shcathed cable
(3) Service-entrance cable
(4) Underground feeder and branch-circuit cable
(5) Tray cable
(6) Irrigation cable
(7) Power-limited tray cable
(8) Instrumentation tray cable
The AWG size or circular mil arca shall be repeated at inter- vals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.). All other markings shall be repeated at intervals not exceeding 1.0 m (40 in.).
(2) Marker Tape. Metal-covered multiconductor cables shall employ a marker tape located within the cable and running for its complete length.
Exception No. 1: Type MI cable shall not require a marher tape.
Exception No. 2: Type AC cable shall not require a marker tape.
Exception No. 3: The information required in 310.8(A) shall be permit- ted to be durably marked on the outer nonmetallic covering of Type MC, Type ITC, or Type PLTC cables at intervals not exceeding 1.0 m (40in.).
Exception No. 4: The information required in 310.8(A) shall be permit- ted to be durably marked on a nonmetallic covering under the metallic sheath of Type ITC or Type PLTC cable at intervals not exceeding 1.0 m (40 in.).
Informational Note: Included in the group of metal-covered cables are Type AC cable, Type MC cable, and lead-sheathed cable.
(3) Tag Marking. The following conductors and cables shall be marked by means of a printed tag attached to the coil, recl, or carton:
(1) Type MI cable
(2) Switchboard wircs
(3) Metal-covered, single-conductor cables
(4) Typc AC cable
(4) . Optional Marking of Wire Size. The information required in 310.8(A) (4) shall be permitted to be marked on the surface of the individual insulated conductors for the following multi- conductor cables:
(1) Type MC cable
(2) Tray cable
(3) Irrigation cable
(4) Power-limited tray cable
(5) Power-limited fire alarm cable
(6) Instrumentation tray cable
(C) Suffixes to Designate Number of Conductors. A typc letter or letters used alone shall indicate a single insulated conductor. The letter suffixes shall be indicated as follows:
(1) D - For two insulated conductors laid parallel within an outer nonmetallic covering
(2) M - For an assembly of two or more insulated conduc-
tors twisted spirally within an outer nonmetallic covering
(D) Optional Markings. All conductors and cables contained in Chapter 3 shall be permitted to be surface marked to indi- cate special characteristics of the cable materials. These mark- ings include, but are not limited to, markings for limited smoke, sunlight resistant, and so forth.
70-178
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
310.8
ARTICLE 310-CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Table 310.4(1) Conductor Applications and Insulations Rated 600 Volts
Thickness of Insulation
Trade Name
Type Letter
Maximum Operating Temperature
Application Provisions
Insulation
AWG or kcmil
mm
mils
Outer Covering'
Fluorinated ethylene propylene
FEP or FEPB
90: (194ºF)
Dryand damp locations
Fluorinated cthylene propylene
14-10 8-2
0,51 0.76
20
None
200° (392ºF)
Dry locations - special applications"
Fluorinated ethylene propylene
6-2
0.36
14
Glass or other suitable braid material
Mineral insulation (mctal shcathed)
90 (194ºF) 250 (482ºF)
Dry and wet locations
Magnesium oxide
18-16 16-10 94 3-500
0.58 0,91
23
Copper or alloy steel
Moisture-, heat-, and oil- MTW resistant thermoplastic
60°C: (140°F) 90° (194ºF)
Machine tool wiring in wet locations Machine tool wiring in dry locations.
Flame-retardaut, moisture-, heat-, and oil-resistant thermoplastic
(A)
(B)
(A)
(B)
(A) Nonc (B) Nylon jacket or equivalent
22-12 10 8
0.76
0.38 0.51
30
20
1.14
0.76
45
30
6
1.52
0.76
60
30
4-2
1.52 2.03
1.02
60
40
1-4/0 213-500 501-1000
2.41
1.52
95
60
2.79
1.78
110
70
Paper
85 (185ºF)
For underground service conchictors, or by special permission
Paper
Lead sheath
Perfluoro-alkoxy
PFA
90: (194ºF) 200° (392ºF)
Drvand damp locations
Perfluoro-alkoxy
14-10 8-2 1-4/0
0.51 0.76 1.14
20
None
Dry locations - special applications*
Perfluoro-alkoxy
14-10 8-2 1-4/0
0.51 0.76 1.14
20
None
Thermnoset
RHH
90°C: (194ºF)
Dryand damp locations
14-10 8-2 1-4/0 213-500 501-1000 1001-2000
1.14 1.52
45 60
Moisture-resistant, flanxe- retardant, nonmetallic: covering'
Moisture-resistant therinosct
RHW
75: (167ºF)
Dry and wet locations
Flame-retardant, moisture- resistant therinaset
14-10 8-2 1-4/0 213-500 501-1000 1001-2000
1.14
45
Moisture-resistant, flanxe- retardant, nonmetallic covering
Silicone
SA
90 (194ºF)
Dryand damp locations
Silicone rubber
14-10
1.14
45
8-2
1.52
60
1-4/0
2.03
80
200° (392ºF)
For special application?
213-500
2.41
95
501-1000 1001-2000
2.79
110
3.18
125
(continues)
2023 dition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-179
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
30
45
Perfhioro-alkoxy
PFAH
250 (482"F)
Dry locations only. Only for leads within apparatus or within raccways connected to apparatus (nickel or nickel-coated copper only)
2.03
80
2.41
95
2.79
110
3.18
125
RHW-2
90: (194ºF)
110
3.18
125
1.52
60
2.03
80
2.41
93
2.79
1.27
80
50
Informational Notc: Sce NFPA 79-2021, Electrical Standard for Industrial Machinery.
14-8
0.36
14
Glass braid
For special applications?
1.27
50
1.40
55
30
0.76
30
36
30
45
Glass or other suitable braid material
310.8
ARTICLE 310-CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Table 310.4(1) Continued
Thickness of Insulation
Trade Name
Type Letter
Maximum Operating Temperature
Application Provisions
Insulation
AWG or kcmil
mm
mils
Outer Covering'
Thermoset
SIS
90 (194ºF)
Switchboard and switchgear wiring only
Flaine-retardant thermoset
14-10 8-2 1-4/0
0.76
30
None
1.14
45
1.40
55
Thermoplastic and fibrous outer braid
TBS
90: (194ºF)
Switchboard and switchgear wiring only
Thermoplastic
14-10 8
1.14
45
6-2 1-4/0
1.52
60
2.03
80
Extended polytetra- fluoro-ethylene
THE
250 (482"F)
Dry locations only. Only for leads within apparatus or within raccways connected to apparatus, or as open wiring (nickel or nickel-coated copper only)
Extruded polytetra- fluoroethylene
14-10 8-2 1-4/0
0.51
20
None
Heat-resistant thermoplastic
THHN
90: (194ºF)
Dry and damp locations
Flaine-retardant, heat-resistant thermoplastic
14-12 10
0,38 0.51
15
Nylon jacket or equivalent
8-6
0.76
30
40
1.27
50
1.52
60
1.78
70
Moisture- and heat- resistant thermoplastic
THHW
75°C: (167"F)
Wet location
Flaine-retardant, moisture-and heat-resistant thermoplastic
14-10
0.76
30
None
8
1.14
45
90 (194ºF)
Dry location
Flaine-retardant, moisture- and heat-resistant thermoplastic
14-10
0.76
30
None
8
1.14
45
1.52
60
2.03
80
2.41
95
2.79
110
3.18
125
Moisture- and heat- resistant thermoplastic
THWN
75: (167ºF)
Dry and wet locations
Flaine-retardant, moisture- and heat-resistant thermoplastic
14-12
0,38
15
Nylon jacket or equivalent
THWA'-2
90°C: (194ºF)
Dry and wet locations
Flaine-retardant, inoisture- resistant thermoplastic
14-10
0.76
30
None
8
1.14
45
6-2
1.52
60
1-4/0
2.03
80
2.41
95
213-500 501-1000 1001-2000
2.79
110
3.18
125
UF
Sce Part II of Article 340.
Moisture-resistant
14-10 8-2 1-4/0
1.52
2.03
805
2.41
955
THW
75 (167ºF) 90°: (194ºF)
Dry and wet locations
Special applications within electric discharge lighting cquipinent. Limited to 1000 open-circuit volts or less. (Size 14-8 only as permitted in 410.68.)
6-2 1-4/0 213-500 501-1000 1001-2000
10
0.51
20
8-6
0.76
30
4-2
1.02
40
1.27
50
1-4/0 250-500 501-1000
1.52
60
1.78
70
Moisture-resistant thermoplastic
Underground feeder and branch-circuit cable - single conductor (for Type UF cable cinploying more than one conductor, see Part !! of Article 340).
Integral with insulation
Moisture- and heat- resistant
(continues)
70-180
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
2.41
95
2.79
110
3.18
125
Moisture- and heat- resistant thermoplastic
THW-2
90°C: (194ºF)
Dryand wet locations
6-2 1-4/0 213-500 501-1000 1001-2000
1.52
60
2.03
80
4-2 1-4/0 250-500 501-1000
0.76
30
Flame-retardant, noninctallic covering
0.76
30
1.14
45
1.02
20
60: (140°F)
60° (140°F) 75 (167"F)*
310.8
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Table 310.4(1) Continued
Thickness of Insulation
Trade Name
Type Letter
Maximum Operating Temperature
Application Provisions
Insulation
AWG or kcmil
mm
mils
Outer Covering!
Underground service- entrance cable -
USE
75: (167"F)+
Sec Part II of Article 338.
Heat- and moisture- resistant
14-10 8-2
1.14
45
single conductor (for USE-2
90. (194ºF)
Dry and wet locations
1-4/0
2.03
80
213-500
2.41
95 6
501-1000 1001-2000
3.18
123
Thermoset
XHH
90 (194ºF)
Dry and damp locations
Flaine-retardant thermoset
14-10 8-2 1-4/0
0.76
30
None
Thermoset
XHHN
90 (194ºF)
Dry and damp locations
Flaine-retardant thermoset
14-12
0.38
15
Nylon jacket or equivalent
8-6
0.76
30
4-2
1.02
40
1-4/0
1.27
50
250-500 501-1000
1.52
60
1.78
70
Moisture-resistant thermoset
XHHW
90 (194ºF) 75° (167ºF)
Dry and damp locations
Flaine-retardant, inoisture- resistant thermoset
14-10
0.76
30
None
Moisture-resistant thermoset
XHHW-2
90 (194ºF)
Dry and wet locations
Flaine-retardant, moisture- resistant thermoset
14-10 8-2
0.76
30
None
Moisture-resistant thermoset
XHWN
75°C: (167ºF)
Dry and wet locations
Flaine-retardant, inoisture- resistant thermoset
14-12
0.38
15
Nylon jacket or equivalent
XHWA-2
90 (194ºF)
1-4/0 250-500 501-1000
1.52
60
1.78
70
Modified ethylene tetrafhioro-ethylene
Z
90 (194ºF)
Dryand damp locations
Modified ethylene tetrafluoro- ethylene
14-12
0.38
15
None
150° (302ºF)
Dry locations - special applications"
3-1
0.89
35
1/0-4/0
1.14
45
Modified ethylene tetrafluoro-ethylene
75
Wet locations
Modified ethylene tetrafluoro- ethylene
14-10
0.76
30
None
(167"F) 90
Dry and damp
(194ºF)
locations
150°
Dry lo ations -
(302ºF)
special applications*
ZW-2
90 (194ºF)
Dry and wet locations
Note: Conductors in Table 310.4(1) shall be permitted to be rated upto 1000 volts if listed and marked. 'Outer coverings shall not be required where listed without a covering.
"Higher temperature rated constructions shall be permitted where design conditions require maximum conductor operating temperatures above 90° (194ºF).
3Conductor sizes shall be permitted for signaling circuits permitting 300-volt insulation.
"The ampacity of Type UF cable shall be limited in accordance with 340.80.
"Type UF insulation thickness shall include the integral jacket.
"Insulation thickness shall be permitted to be 2.03 mm (80 mils) for listed Type USE conductors that have been subjected to special investigations. The nonmetallic covering over individual rubber-covered conductors of aluminum-sheathed cable and of lead-sheathed or multiconductor cable shall not be required to be flame retardant.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-181
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Moisture-resistant noninctallic covering (Scc 338.2.)
Type USE cable cinploying more than one conductor, see Part 11 of Article 338).
213-500
1.65
65
501-1000 1001-2000
2.03
80
2.41
95
10
0.51
20
45
Wet locations
8-2 1-4/0 213-500 501-1000 1001-2000
1.40
55
1.65
63
2.03
80
2.41
95
1-4/0 213-500 501-1000 1001-2000
1.65
63
2.03
80
2.41
95
10
0.51
20
8-6
0.76
30
4-2
1.02
40
1.27
50
84
0.64
25
8-2
1.14
45
10
0.51
20
1.14
45
1.40
55
1.14
45
1.14
1.40
55
1.52
60
2.79
110
310.10
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Table 310.4(2) Thickness of Insulation for Nonshielded Types RHH and RHW Solid Dielectric Insulated Conductors Rated 2000 Volts
Column A'
Column B2
Conductor Size (AWG or kemil)
mm
mils
mm
mils
14-10
2.03
80
1.52
60
8
2.03
80
1.78
70
6-2
2.41
95
1.78
70
1-2/0
2.79
110
2.29
90
3/0-4/0
2.79
110
2.29
90
213-500
3.18
125
2.67
105
501-1000
3.56
140
3.05
120
1001-2000
3.56
140
3.56
140
'Column A insulations shall be limited to natural, SBR, and butyl rubbers.
"Column B insulations shall be materials such as cross-linked polyethylene, ethylene propylene rubber, and composites thereof.
Part III. Installation
310.10 Uses Permitted. The conductors described in 310.4 shall be permitted for use in any of the wiring methods covered in Chapter 3 and as specified in their respective tables or as permitted elsewhere in this Code.
(A) Dry Locations. Insulated conductors and cables used in dry locations shall be any of the types identified in this Code.
(B) Dry and Damp Locations. Insulated conductors and cables used in dry and damp locations shall be Types FEP, FEPB, MTW, PFA, RHH, RHW, RHW-2, SA, THHN, THW, THW-2, THHW, THWN, THWN-2, TW, XHH, XHHW, XHHW-2, XHHN, XHWN, XHWN-2, Z, or ZW.
(C) Wet Locations. Insulated conductors and cables used in wet locations shall comply with one of the following:
(1) Bc moisture-impervious metal-shcathed
(2) Be types MTW, RHW, RIIW-2, TW, THW, THW-2, THHW, THWN, THWN-2, XHHW, XHHW-2, XHWN, XHWN-2 or ZW
(3) Be of a type listed for use in wet locations
(D) Locations Exposed to Direct Sunlight. Insulated conduc- tors or cables used where exposed to direct rays of the sun shall comply with one of the following:
(1) Conductors and cables shall be listedas being sunlight resistant.
(2) Conductors and cables shall be covered with insulating material, such as tape or sleeving, that is llisted as being sunlight resistant.
(E) Direct-Burial Conductors. Conductors used for direct- burial applications shall be of a type identified for such usc.
(F) Corrosive Conditions. Conductors exposed to oils, greases, vapors, gases, fumes, liquids, or other substances having a deleterious effect on the conductor or insulation shall be of a type suitable for the application.
(G) Conductors in Parallel.
(1) General. Aluminum, copper-clad aluminum, or copper circuit conductors for cach ungrounded conductor, grounded conductor, or neutral conductor shall be permitted to be connected in parallel (electrically joined at both ends) only in
sizes 1/0 AWG and larger and shall be installed in accordance with 310.10(G) (2) through (G) (4).
Exception No. 1: Conductors in sizes smaller than 1/0 AWG shall be permitted to be run in parallel to supply control power to indicating instruments, contartors, relays, solenoids, and similar control devires, or for frequencies of 360 IIz and higher, provided all of the following apply:
(1) They are contained within the same raceway or cable.
(2) The ampacity of each individual conductor is sufficient to carry the entire load current shared by the parallel conductors.
(3) The overcurrent protection is such that the ampacity of each indi- vidual conductor will not be exceeded if one or more of the paral- lel conductors become inadvertently disconnected.
Exception No. 2: Under engineering supervision, 2 AWG and 1 AWG grounded neutral conductors shall be permitted to be installed in paral- lel for existing installations.
Informational Note: Exception No. 2 can be used to alleviate overheating of neutral conductors in existing installations due to high content of triplen harmonic currents.
(2) Conductor and Installation Characteristics. The paralleled conductors that comprise cach ungrounded conductor, groun- ded conductor, neutral conductor, equipment grounding conductor, equipment bonding jumper, or supply-side bonding jumper shall comply with all of the following:
(1) Be the same length
(2) Consist of the same conductor material
(3) Be the same size in circular mil arca
(4) Have the same insulation type
(5) Be terminated in the same manner
(3) Separate Cables or Raceways. Where run in separate cables or raceways, the cables or raceways with conductors shall have the same number of conductors and shall have the same electrical characteristics. Conductors composing one paralleled sct shall not be required to have the same physical characteris- tics as those of another paralleled set.
(4) Ampacity Correction or Adjustment. Conductors installed in parallel shall comply with 310.15(B)and (C).
(5) Equipment Grounding Conductors. Where parallel equip- ment grounding conductors are used, they shall be sized in accordance with 250.122. Sectioned equipment grounding conductors smaller than 1/0 AWG shall be permitted in multi-
70-182
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
310.14
conductor cables, if the combined circular mil arca of the sectioned equipment grounding conductors in cach cable complies with 250.122.
(6) Bonding Jumpers. Where parallel equipment bonding jumpers or supply-side bonding jumpers are installed in race- ways, they shall be sized and installed in accordance with 250.102.
310.12 Single-Phase Dwelling Services and Feeders. For onc- family dwellings and the individual dwelling units of two-family and multifamily dwellings, service and feeder conductors supplied by a single-phase, 120/240-volt system shall be permit- ted to be sized in accordance with 310.12(A) through (D).
For one-family dwellings and the individual dwelling units of two-family and multifamily dwellings, single-phase feeder conductors consisting of two ungrounded conductors and the neutral conductor from a 208Y/120 volt system shall be permit- ted to be sized in accordance with 310.12(A) through (C).
(A) Services. For a service rated 100 amperes through 400 amperes, the service conductors supplying the entire load associated with a one-family dwelling, or the service conductors supplying the entire load associated with an individual dwelling unit in a two-family or multifamily dwelling, shall be permitted to have an ampacity not less than 83 percent of the service rating. If no adjustment or correction factors are required, Table 310.12(A) shall be permitted to be applied.
(B) Feeders. For a feeder rated 100 amperes through 400 amperes, the feeder conductors supplying the entire load associated with a one-family dwelling, or the feeder conductors supplying the entire load associated with an individual dwelling unit in a two-family or multifamily dwelling, shall be permitted to have an ampacity not less than 83 percent of the fecder rating. If no adjustment or correction factors are required, Table 310.12(A) shall be permitted to be applied.
(C) Feeder Ampacities. In no case shall a feeder for an indi- vidual dwelling unit be required to have an ampacity greater than that specified in 310.12(A) or (B).
(D) Grounded Conductors. Grounded conductors shall be permitted to be sized smaller than the ungrounded conduc-
Table 310.12(A) Single-Phase Dwelling Services and Feeders
Conductor (AWG or kcmil)
Service or Feeder Rating (Amperes)
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
100
4
2
110
3
1
125
2
1/0
150
1
2/0
175
1/0
3/0
200
2/0
4/0
225
3/0
250
250
4/0
300
300
250
350
350
350
500
400
400
600
Note: If no adjustinent or correction factors are required, this table shall be permitted to be applied.
tors, if the requirements of 220.61 and 230.42 for service conductors or the requirements of 215.2 and 220.61 for feeder conductors are met.
Where correction or adjustment factors are required by 310.15(B) or (C), they shall be permitted to be applied to the ampacity associatedwith the temperature rating of the conduc- tor.
Informational Note No. 1: See 240.6(A) for standard ampere ratingsfor fuses and inverse time circuit breakers.
Informational Note No. 2: See Informative Annex D, Example D7.
310.14 Ampacities for Conductors Rated 0 Volts - 2000 Volts. (A) General.
(1) Tables or Engineering Supervision. Ampacities for conduc- tors shall be permitted to be determined by tables as provided in 310.15 or under engineering supervision as provided in 310.14(B).
Informational Note No. 1: See 210.19, Informational Note, for voltage drop on branch circuits that this section does not take into consideration. See 215.2(A) (2), Informnational Note No. 2, for voltage drop on feeders that this section does not take into consideration.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 79-2021, Electrical Standard for Industrial Machinery, Table 12.5.1, for the allowable ampaci- ties of Type MTW wire.
(2) Selection of Ampacity. Where more than one ampacity applies for a given circuit length, the lowest value shall be used.
Exception: Where different ampacities apply to portions of a circuit, the higher ampacity shall be permitted to be used af the total portion(s) of the circuit with lower ampacity does not exceed the lesser of 3.0 m (10 ft) or 10 percent of the total circuit.
Informational Note: See 110.14(C) for conductor temperature limitations due to termination provisions.
(3) Temperature Limitation of Conductors. No conductor shall be used in such a manner that its operating temperature exceeds that designated for the type of insulated conductor involved. In no case shall conductors be associated together in such a way, with respect to type of circuit, the wiring method employed, or the number of conductors, that the limiting temperature of any conductor is exceeded.
Informational Note No. 1: See Table 310.4(1) and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of a conductor that is the maximum temperature, at any location along its length, that the conductor can withstand over a prolonged time period without serious degradation. The ampacity tables of Article 310 and the ampacity tables of Informative Annex B, the ambient tempera- ture correction factors in 310.15(B), and the notes to the tables provide guidance for coordinating conductor sizes, types, ampacities, ambient temperatures, and number of associated conductors. The principal deterininants of operating tempera- ture are as follows:
(1) Ambient temperature - ambient temperature may vary along the conductor length as well as from time to time.
(2) Heat generated internally in the conductor as the result of load current flow, including fundamental and harmonic currents.
(3) The rate at which generated heat dissipates into the ambi- ent medium. Thermal insulation that covers or surrounds conductors affects the rate of heat dissipation.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-183
310.14
ARTICLE 310-CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
(4) Adjacent load-carrying conductors - adjacent conductors have the dual effect of raising the ambient temperature and impeding heat dissipation.
Informational Note No. 2: Refer to 110.14(C) for the tempera- ture limitation of terminations.
(B) Engineering Supervision. Under engineering supervision, conductor ampacities shall be permitted to be calculated by means of Equation 310.14(B).
[310.14(B)]
I= VRA (1+Y.)R. T,-T.
-x103 amperes
where:
T, = conductor temperature in degrees Celsius ()
T., = ambient temperature in degrees Celsius ()
R1 = de resistance of 305 mm (1 ft) of conductor in micro- ohms at temperature, T,
Y, = component ac resistance resulting from skin effect and proximity effect
Ru = effective thermal resistance between conductor and surrounding ambient
310.15 Ampacity Tables.
(A) General. Ampacitics for conductors rated 0 volts to 2000 volts shall be as specified in the Ampacity Table 310.16 through Table 310.21, as modified by 310.15(A) through (F) and 310.12. Under engineering supervision, ampacities of sizes not shown in ampacity tables for conductors meeting the general wiring requirements shall be permitted to be deter- mined by interpolation of the adjacent conductors based on the conductor's circular-mil arca.
The temperature correction and adjustment factors shall be permitted to be applied to the ampacity for the temperature rating of the conductor, if the corrected and adjusted ampacity does not exceed the ampacity for the temperature rating of the termination in accordance with 110.14(C).
Informational Note No. 1: Table 310.16 through Table 310.19 are application tables for use in determining conductor sizes on loads calculated in accordance with Part II, Part III, Part IV, or Part V of Article 220. Ampacities result from consideration of one or more of the following:
(1) Temperature compatibility with connected equipment, especially the connection points
(2) Coordination with circuit and system overcurrent protec- tion
(3) Compliance with the requirements of product listings or certifications.
(4) Preservation of the safety benefits of established industry practices and standardized procedures
Informational Note No. 2: See Chapter 9, Table 8, Conductor Properties, for conductor area. Interpolation is based on the conductor circular-mil area and not the conductor overall area.
Informational Note No. 3: See 400.5 for the ampacities of flexi- ble cords and cables. See 402.5 for the ampacities of fixture wires.
Informational Note No. 4: See Table 310.4(1) and Table 310.4(2) for explanation of type letters used in tables and for recognized sizes of conductors for the various conductor insula- tions. See 310.1 through 310.14 and the various articles of this
Code for installation requirements. See Table 400.4, Table 400.5(A) (1), and Table 400.5(A) (2) for flexible cords.
(B) Ambient Temperature Correction Factors.
(1) General. Ampacitics for ambient temperatures other than those shown in the ampacity tables shall be corrected in accordance with Table 310.15(B) (1) (1) or Table 310.15(B) (1) (2), or shall be permitted to be calculated using Equation 310.15(B)(1).
[310.15(B)(1)]
I'= 1, VT .- T. T-T'
where:
I' = ampacity corrected for ambient temperature I = ampacity shown in the tables
T, = temperature rating of conductor ()
T,' = new ambient temperature ()
T. = ambient temperature used in the table ()
(2) Rooftop. For raceways or cables exposed to direct sunlight on or above rooftops where the distance above the roof to the bottom of the raceway or cable is less than 19 mm (3/4 in.), a temperature adder of 33 (60ºF) shall be added to the outdoor temperature to determine the applicable ambient temperature for application of the correction factors in Table 310.15(B)(1) (1) or Table 310.15(B)(1)(2).
Exception: Type XIIIIW-2 insulated conductors shall not be subject to this ampacity adjustment.
Informational Note: The ASHRAE Handbook - Fundamentals is one source for the ambient temperatures in various locations.
(C) Adjustment Factors.
(1) More than Three Current-Carrying Conductors. The ampacity of cach conductor shall be reduced as shown in Table 310.15(C) (1) where the number of current-carrying conduc- tors in a raceway or cable exceeds three, or where single conductors or multiconductor cables not installed in raceways arc installed without maintaining spacing for a continuous length longer than 600 mm (24 in.). Each current-carrying conductor of a paralleled set of conductors shall be counted as a current-carrying conductor.
Where conductors of different systems, as provided in 300.3, are installed in a common raceway or cable, the adjustment factors shown in Table 310.15(C) (1) shall apply only to the number of power and lighting conductors.
Informational Note No. 1: See Informative Annex B for adjust- ment factors for more than three current-carrying conductors in a raceway or cable with load diversity.
Informational Note No. 2: See 366.23 for adjustment factors for conductors and ampacity for bare copper and aluminumn bars in auxiliary gutters and 376.22(B) for adjustment factors for conductors in metal wireways.
(a) Where conductors are installed in cable trays, 392.80 shall apply.
(b) Adjustment factors shall not apply to conductors in raceways having a length not exceeding 600 mm (24 in.).
(c) Adjustment factors shall not apply to underground conductors entering or leaving an outdoor trench if those
70-184
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
310.15
conductors have physical protection in the form of rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), or reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC) having a length not exceeding 3.05 m (10 ft), and if the number of conductors does not exceed four.
(d) Adjustment factors shall not apply to Type AC cable or to Type MC cable under the following conditions:
(1) The cables do not have an overall outer jacket.
(2) Each cable has not more than three current-carrying conductors.
(3) The conductors are 12 AWG copper.
(4) Not more than 20 current-carrying conductors arc installed without maintaining spacing, are stacked, or arc supported on "bridle rings."
Table 310.15(B)(1)(1) Ambient Temperature Correction Factors Based on 30° (86°F)
For ambient temperatures other than 30 (86°F), multiply the ampacities specified in the ampacity tables by the appropriate correction factor shown below.
Temperature Rating of Conductor
Ambient Temperature (*)
60
75°
90
Ambient Temperature (*F)
10 or less
1.29
1.20
1.15
50 or less
11-15
1.22
1.15
1.12
51-59
16-20
1.15
1.11
1.08
60-68
21-25
1.08
1.05
1.04
69-77
26-30
1.00
1.00
1.00
78-86
31-35
0.91
0.94
0.96
87-95
36-40
0.82
0.88
0.91
96-104
41-45
0.71
0.82
0.87
105-113
46-50
0.58
0.75
0.82
114-122
51-55
0.41
0.67
0.76
123-131
56-60
0.58
0.71
132-140
61-65
0.47
0.65
141-149
66-70
0.33
0.58
150-158
71-75
0.50
159-167
76-80
0.41
168-176
81-85
0.29
177-185
Note: Table 310.15(B) (1) (1) shall be used with Table 310.16 and Table 310.17 as required.
Table 310.15(B)(1)(2) Ambient Temperature Correction Factors Based on 40 (104°F)
For ambient temperatures other than 40 (104ºF), multiply the ampacities specified in the ampacity tables by the appropriate correction factor shown below.
Temperature Rating of Conductor
Ambient Temperature (*)
60
75°
90°
150
200°
250
Ambient Temperature (*F)
10 or less
1.58
1.36
1.26
1.13
1.09
1.07
50 or less
11-15
1.50
1.31
1.22
1.11
1.08
1.06
51-59
16-20
1.41
1.25
1.18
1.09
1.06
1.05
60-68
21-25
1.32
1.2
1.14
1.07
1.05
1.04
69-77
26-30
1.22
1.13
1.10
1.04
1.03
1.02
78-86
31-35
1.12
1.07
1.05
1.02
1.02
1.01
87-95
36-40
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
96-104
41-45
0.87
0.93
0.95
0.98
0.98
0.99
105-113
46-50
0.71
0.85
0.89
0.95
0.97
0.98
114-122
51-55
0.50
0.76
0.84
0.93
0.95
0.96
123-131
56-60
0.65
0.77
0.90
0.94
0.95
132-140
61-65
0.53
0.71
0.88
0.92
0.94
141-149
66-70
0.38
0.63
0.85
0.90
0.93
150-158
71-75
0.55
0.83
0.88
0.91
159-167
76-80
0.45
0.80
0.87
0.90
168-176
81-90
0.74
0.83
0.87
177-194
91-100
0.67
0.79
0.85
195-212
101-110
0.60
0.75
0.82
213-230
111-120
0.52
0.71
0.79
231-248
121-130
0.43
0.66
0.76
249-266
131-140
0.30
0.61
0.72
267-284
141-160
0.50
0.65
285-320
161-180
0.35
0.58
321-356
181-200
0.49
357-392
201-225
0.35
393-437
Note: Table 310.15(B) (1)(2) shall be used with Table 310.18, Table 310.19, Table 310.20, and Table 310.21 as required.
2023Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-185
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
310.15
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Exception to (4): If cables meeting the requirements in 310.15(C)(1)(d) (1) through (C)(1)(d)(3) with more than 20 current-carrying conduc- tors are installed longer than 600 mm (24 in.) without maintaining spacing, are stacked, or are supported on bridle rings, a 60 perrent adjustment factor shall be applied.
(2) Raceway Spacing. Spacing between raceways shall be main- taincd.
(D) Bare or Covered Conductors. Where bare or covered conductors are installed with insulated conductors, the temper- ature rating of the bare or covered conductor shall be equal to the lowest temperature rating of the insulated conductors for the purpose of determining ampacity.
(E) Neutral Conductor. Neutral conductors shall be consid- cred current carrying in accordance with any of the following:
(1) A neutral conductor that carries only the unbalanced current from other conductors of the same circuit shall not be required to be counted when applying the provi- sions of 310.15(C) (1).
(2) In a 3-wire circuit consisting of two phase conductors and the neutral conductor of a 4-wire, 3-phase, wyc-connected system, the neutral conductor carries approximately the same current as the line-to-neutral load currents of the other conductors and shall be counted when applying 310.15(C) (1).
(3) On a 4-wirc, 3-phase wyc circuit where the major portion of the load consists of nonlinear loads, harmonic currents are present in the neutral conductor; the neutral conduc- tor shall therefore be considered a current-carrying conductor.
(F) Grounding or Bonding Conductor. A grounding or bond- ing conductor shall not be counted when applying the provi- sions of 310.15(C) (1).
Table 310.15(C)(1) Adjustment Factors for More Than Three Current-Carrying Conductors
Number of Conductors*
Percent of Values in Table 310.16 Through Table 310.19 as Adjusted for Ambient Temperature if Necessary
4-6
80
7-9
70
10-20
50
21-30
45
31-40
40
41 and above
35
'Number of conductors is the total number of conductors in the raceway or cable, including spare conductors. The count shall be adjusted in accordance with 310.15(E) and (F). The count shall not include conductors that are connected to electrical components that cannot be simultaneously energized.
310.16 Ampacities of Insulated Conductors in Raceway, Cable, or Earth (Directly Buried). The ampacities shall be as specified in Table 310.16 where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Conductors are rated 0 volts through 2000 volts.
(2) Conductors are rated 60 (140°F), 75 (167ºF), or 90° (194°F).
(3) Wiring is installed in a 30 (86°F) ambient temperature.
(4) There are not more than three current-carrying conduc- tors.
310.17 Ampacities of Single-Insulated Conductors in Free Air. The ampacities shall be as specified in Table 310.17 where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Conductors are rated 0 volts through 2000 volts.
(2) Conductors are rated 60 (140°F), 75 (167ºF), or 90° (194ºF).
(3) Wiring is installed in a 30° (86°F) ambient temperature.
310.18 Ampacities of Insulated Conductors in Raceway or Cable. The ampacitics shall be as specified in Table 310.18 where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Conductors arc rated 0 volts through 2000 volts.
(2) Conductors are rated 150 (302°F), 200 (392ºF), or 250°C (482°F).
(3) Wiring is installed in a 40 (104°F) ambient tempera- turc.
(4) There are not more than three current-carrying conduc- tors.
310.19 Ampacities of Single-Insulated Conductors in Free Air. The ampacities shall be as specified in Table 310.19 where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Conductors are rated 0 volts through 2000 volts.
(2) Conductors are rated up to 250 (482ºF).
(3) Wiring is installed in a 40 (104ºF) ambient tempera- turc.
310.20 Ampacities of Conductors Supported on a Messenger. The ampacities shall be as specified in Table 310.20 where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Conductors are rated 0 volts through 2000 volts.
(2) Conductors are rated 75 (167ºF) or 90° (194ºF).
(3) Wiring is installed in a 40 (104ºF) ambient tempera- turc.
(4) There are not more than three single-insulated conduc- tors.
310.21 Ampacities of Bare or Covered Conductors in Free Air. The ampacities shall be as specified in Table 310.21 where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Wind velocity is 610 mm/sec (2 ft/scc).
(2) Conductors arc 80 (176ºF) total conductor tempera- turc.
(3) Wiring is installed in a 40 (104ºF) ambient tempera- turc.
70-186
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
310.21
Table 310.16 Ampacities of Insulated Conductors with Not More Than Three Current-Carrying Conductors in Raceway, Cable, or Earth (Directly Buried)
Temperature Rating of Conductor [See Table 310.4(1)]
60° (140°F)
75° (167°F)
90°C (194°F)
60° (140°F)
75° (167ºF)
90° (194°F)
Types RHW, THHW, THW, THWN, XHHW, XHWN, USE,
Types TW, UF
ZW
Types TBS, SA, SIS, FEP, FEPB, MI, PFA, RHH, RHW-2, THHN, THHW, THW-2, THWN-2, USE-2, XHH, XHHW, XHHW-2, XHWN, XHWN-2, XHHN, Z, ZW-2
Types TW, UF
Types RHW, THHW, THW, THWN, XHHW, XHWN, USE
Types TBS, SA, SIS, THHN, THHW, THW-2, THWN-2, RHH, RHW-2, USE-2, XHH, XHHW, XHHW-2, XHWN, XHWN-2, XHHN
Size AWG or kcmil
COPPER
ALUMINUM OR COPPER-CLAD ALUMINUM
18*
14
16*
-
18
-
-
14*
15
20
25
12*
20
25
30
15
20
25
12*
10*
30
35
40
25
30
35
10*
8
40
50
55
35
40
45
8
64321 6 1
55
65
75
40
50
55
6
70
85
95
55
65
75
4
85
100
115
65
75
85
3
95
115
130
75
90
100
2
110
130
145
85
100
115
1
1/0
125
150
170
100
120
135
1/0
2/0
145
175
195
115
135
150
2/0
3/0
165
200
225
130
155
175
3/0
4/0
195
230
260
150
180
205
4/0
250
215
255
290
170
205
230
250
300
240
285
320
195
230
260
300
350
260
310
350
210
250
280
350
400
280
335
380
225
270
305
400
500
320
380
430
260
310
350
500
600
350
420
475
285
340
385
600
700
385
460
520
315
375
425
700
750
400
475
535
320
385
435
750
800
410
490
555
330
395
445
800
900
435
520
585
355
425
480
900
1000
455
545
615
375
445
500
1000
1250
495
590
665
405
485
545
1250
1500
525
625
705
435
520
585
1500
1750
545
650
735
455
545
615
1750
2000
555
665
750
470
560
630
2000
Notes:
1. Section 310.15(B) shall be referenced for ampacity correction factors where the ambient temperature is other than 30 (86ºF).
2. Section 310.15(C) (1) shall be referenced for more than three current-carrying conductors.
3. Section 310.16 shall be referenced for conditions of use.
*Section 240.4(D) shall be referenced for conductor overcurrent protection limitations, except as modified elsewhere in the Code.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-187
Size AWG or kcmil
310.21
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Table 310.17 Ampacities of Single-Insulated Conductors in Free Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor [See Table 310.4(1)]
60° (140°F)
75° (167ºF)
90° (194ºF)
60° (140°F)
75° (167ºF)
90°C (194°F)
Types RHW, THHW, THW, THWN, XHHW, XHWN, ZW
Types TBS, SA, SIS, FEP, FEPB, MI, PFA, RHH, RHW-2, THHN, THHW, THW-2, THWN-2, USE-2, XHH, XHHW, XHHW-2, XHWN, XHWN-2, XHHN, Z, ZW-2
Types TW, UF
XHWN
Size AWG or kcmil
COPPER
ALUMINUM OR COPPER-CLAD ALUMINUM
18
16
25
30
35
-
12*
30
35
40
25
30
35
12*
10*
40
50
55
35
40
45
10*
8
60
70
80
45
55
60
8
64321
80
95
105
60
75
85
105
125
140
80
100
115
120
145
165
95
115
130
140
170
190
110
135
150
165
195
220
130
155
175
1/0
195
230
260
150
180
205
1/0
2/0
225
265
300
175
210
235
2/0
3/0
260
310
350
200
240
270
3/0
4/0
300
360
405
235
280
315
4/0
250
340
405
455
265
315
355
250
300
375
445
500
290
350
395
300
350
420
505
570
330
395
445
350
400
455
545
615
355
425
480
400
500
515
620
700
405
485
545
500
600
575
690
780
455
545
615
600
700
630
755
850
500
595
670
700
750
655
785
885
515
620
700
750
800
680
815
920
535
645
725
800
900
730
870
980
580
700
790
900
1000
780
935
1055
625
750
845
1000
1250
890
1065
1200
710
855
965
1250
1500
980
1175
1325
795
950
1070
1500
1750
1070
1280
1445
875
1050
1185
1750
2000
1155
1385
1560
960
1150
1295
2000
Notes:
1. Section 310.15(B) shall be referenced for ampacity correction factors where the ambient temperature is other than 30. (86°F).
2. Section 310.17 shall be referenced for conditions of use.
*Section 240.4(D) shall be referenced for conductor overcurrent protection limitations, except as modified elsewhere in the Code.
70-188
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Types RHW, THHW, THW, THWN,
XHHW,
Types TBS, SA, SIS, THHN, THHW, THW-2, THWN-2, RHH, RHW-2, USE-2, XHH, XHHW, XHHW-2, XHWN, XHWN-2, XHHN
Size AWG or kcmil
18
1
24
-
4 6 64321 1
14*
Types TW, UF
310.21
ARTICLE 310 -CONDUCTORS FOR GENERAL WIRING
Table 310.18 Ampacities of Insulated Conductors with Not More Than Three Current-Carrying Conductors in Raceway or Cable
Temperature Rating of Conductor [See Table 310.4(1)]
150 (302°F)
200° (392ºF)
250 (482°F)
150° (302°F)
Type Z
Types FEP, FEPB, PFA, SA
Types PFAH, TFE
Type Z
Size AWG or kemil
COPPER
NICKEL OR NICKEL-COATED COPPER
ALUMINUM OR COPPER-CLAD ALUMINUM
Size AWG or kcmil
14
34
36
39
14
12
43
45
54
30
12
10
55
60
73
44
10
8
76
83
93
57
8
64321
96
110
117
75
6
120
125
148
94
4
143
152
166
109
3
160
171
191
124
2
186
197
215
145
1
1/0
215
229
244
169
1/0
2/0
251
260
273
198
2/0
3/0
288
297
308
227
3/0
4/0
332
346
361
260
4/0
Notes:
1. Section 310.15(B) shall be referenced for ampacity correction factors where the ambient temperature is other than 40 (104ºF).
2. Section 310.15(C) (1) shall be referenced for more than three current-carrying conductors.
3. Section 310.18 shall be referenced for conditions of use.
Table 310.19 Ampacities of Single-Insulated Conductors in Free Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor [See Table 310.4(1)]
150° (302°F)
200° (392°F)
250 (482°F)
150° (302°F)
Type Z
Types FEP, FEPB, PFA, SA
Types PFAH, TFE
Type Z
Size AWG or kcmil
COPPER
NICKEL, OR NICKEL- COATED COPPER
ALUMINUM OR COPPER-CLAD ALUMINUM
Size AWG or kemil
14
46
54
59
-
14
12
60
68
78
47
12
10
80
90
107
63
10
8
106
124
142
83
8
6 64321 4 1
155
165
205
112
6
190
220
278
148
4
214
252
327
170
3
255
293
381
198
2
293
344
440
228
1
1/0
339
399
532
263
1/0
2/0
390
467
591
305
2/0
3/0
451
546
708
351
3/0
4/0
529
629
830
411
4/0
Notes:
1. Section 310.15(B) shall be referenced for ampacity correction factors where the ambient temperature is other than 40 (104ºF).
2. Section 310.19 shall be referenced for conditions of use.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. Toreport unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-189
312.1
ARTICLE 312 - CABINETS, CUTOUT BOXES, AND METER SOCKET ENCLOSURES
Table 310.20 Ampacities of Conductors on a Messenger
Temperature Rating of Conductor [See Table 310.4(1)]
75° (167ºF)
90° (194°F)
75° (167ºF)
90°C (194°F)
Types MI, THHN, THHW, THW-2, Types RHW, THHW, THWN-2, RHH, RHW-2, THW, THWN, XHHW, USE-2, XHHW, XHHW-2, XHWN, ZW
Types RHW, THW, THWN, THHW, XHHW, XHWN
Types THHN, THHW, RHH, XHHW, RHW-2, XHHW-2, THW-2, THWN-2, XHWN-2, USE-2, ZW-2
Size AWG or kemil
COPPER
ALUMINUM OR COPPER-CLAD ALUMINUM
Size AWG or kcmil
864321 1
57
66
44
51
8
76
89
59
69
6
3
118
138
92
107
3
2
135
158
106
123
2
158
185
123
144
1
1/0
183
214
143
167
1/0
2/0
212
247
165
193
2/0
3/0
245
287
192
224
3/0
4/0
287
335
224
262
4/0
250
320
374
251
292
250
300
359
419
282
328
300
350
397
464
312
364
350
400
430
503
339
395
400
500
496
580
392
458
500
600
553
647
440
514
600
700
610
714
488
570
700
750
638
747
512
598
750
800
660
773
532
622
800
900
704
826
572
669
900
1000
748
879
612
716
1000
Notes:
1. Section 310.15(B) shall be referenced for ampacity correction factors where the ambient temperature is other than 40 (104ºF).
2. Section 310.15(C) (1) shall be referenced for more than three current-carrying conductors.
3. Section 310.20 shall be referenced for conditions of use.
ARTICLE 312 Cabinets, Cutout Boxes, and Meter Socket Enclosures
Part I. General
312.1 Scope. This article covers the installation and construc- tion specifications of cabinets, cutout boxes, and meter socket enclosures. It does not apply to equipment operating at over 1000 volts, except as specifically referenced elsewhere in the Code.
312.2 Damp or Wet Locations. In damp or wet locations, surface-type enclosures within the scope of this article shall be placed or cquipped so as to prevent moisture or water from entering and accumulating within the cabinet or cutout box, and shall be mounted so there is at least 6-mm (1/4-in.) airspace between the enclosure and the wall or other supporting surface. Enclosures installed in wet locations shall be weather- proof. For enclosures in wet locations, raceways or cables enter- ing above the level of uninsulated live parts shall use fittings listed for wet locations.
Exception: Nonmetallic enclosures shall be permitted to be installed without the airspace on a concrete, masonry, tile, or similar surface.
Informational Note: See 300.6 for protection against corrosion.
312.3 Position in Wall. In walls of concrete, tile, or other noncombustible material, cabinets shall be installed so that the front edge of the cabinet is not set back of the finished surface more than 6 mm (1/4 in.). In walls constructed of wood or other combustible material, cabinets shall be flush with the finished surface or project therefrom.
312.4 Repairing Noncombustible Surfaces. Noncombustible surfaces that are broken or incomplete shall be repaired so there will be no gaps or open spaces greater than 3 mm (V/s in.) at the edge of the cabinet or cutout box employing a flush-type cover.
312.5 Cabinets, Cutout Boxes, and Meter Socket Enclosures. Cable assemblies and insulated conductors entering enclosures within the scope of this article shall be protected from abrasion and shall comply with 312.5(A) through (C).
(A) Openings to Be Closed. Openings through which conduc- tors enter shall be closed in an approved manner.
(B) Metal Cabinets, Cutout Boxes, and Meter Socket Enclo- sures. Where metal enclosures within the scope of this article
70-190
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
101
117
78
91
4
XHWN-2, ZW-2
312.6
ARTICLE 312-CABINETS, CUTOUT BOXES, AND METER SOCKET ENCLOSURES
Table 310.21 Ampacities of Bare or Covered Conductors in Free Air
Copper Conductors
AAC Aluminum Conductors
Bare
Covered
Bare
Covered
AWG or kcmil
Amperes
AWG or kcmil
Amperes
AWG or kcmil
Amperes
AWG or kcmil
Amperes
8
98
8
103
8
76
8
80
6
124
6
130
6
96
6
101
4
155
4
163
4
121
4
127
2
209
2
219
2
163
2
171
1/0
282
1/0
297
1/0
220
1/0
231
2/0
329
2/0
344
2/0
255
2/0
268
3/0
382
3/0
401
3/0
297
3/0
312
4/0
444
4/0
466
4/0
346
4/0
364
250
494
250
519
266.8
403
266.8
423
300
556
300
584
336.4
468
336.4
492
500
773
500
812
397.5
522
397.5
548
750
1000
750
1050
477.0
588
477.0
617
1000
1193
1000
1253
556.5
650
556.5
682
636.0
744
795.0
819
795.0
860
954.0
920
1033.5
1017
1272
1103
1272
1201
1590
1267
1590
1381
2000
1454
2000
1527
Note: Section 310.21 shall be referenced for conditions of use.
are installed with messenger-supported wiring, open wiring on insulators, or concealed knob-and-tube wiring, conductors shall enter through insulating bushings or, in dry locations, through flexible tubing extending from the last insulating support and firmly secured to the enclosure.
(C) Cables. Where cable is used, cach cable shall be secured to the cabinet, cutout box, or meter socket enclosure.
Exception No. 1: Cables with entirely nonmetallic sheaths shall be permitted to enter the top of a surfare-mounted enclosure through one or more nonflexible raceways not less than 450 mm ( 18 in.) and not more than 3.0 m (10 ft) in length, provided all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Each cable is fastened within 300 mm (12 in.), measured along the sheath, of the outer end of the raceway.
(2) The raceway extends directly above the enclosure and does not penetrate a structural ceiling.
(3) A fitting is provided on each end of the raceway to protect the cable(s) from abrasion and the fittings remain accessible after installation.
(4) The raceway is sealed or plugged at the outer end using approved means so as to prevent access to the enclosure through the race- way.
(5) The cable sheath is continuous through the raceway and extends into the enclosure beyond the fitting not less than 6 mm (1/4 in. ).
(6) The raceway is fastened at its outer end and at other points in accordance with the applicable article.
(7) Where installed as conduit or tubing, the cable fill does not exceed the amount that would be permitted for complete conduit or tubing systems by Table 1 of Chapter 9 of this Code and all appli- cable notes thereto. Note 2 to the tables in Chapter 9 does not apply to this condition.
Informational Note: See Chapter 9, Table 1, including Note 9, for allowable cable fill in circular raceways. See 310.15(C) (1) for
required ampacity reductions for multiple cables installed in a common raceway.
Exception No. 2: Single conductors and multiconductor cables shall be permitted to enter enclosures in accordance with 392.46(A) or (B).
312.6 Deflection of Conductors. Conductors at terminals or conductors entering or leaving cabinets, cutout boxes, and meter socket enclosures shall comply with 312.6(A) through (C).
Exception: Wire-bending space in enclosures for motor controllers with provisions for one or two wires per terminal shall comply with 430.10(B).
(A) Width of Wiring Gutters. Conductors shall not be deflec- ted within a cabinet or cutout box unless a gutter having a width in accordance with Table 312.6(A) is provided. Conduc- tors in parallel in accordance with 310.10(G) shall be judged on the basis of the number of conductors in parallel.
(B) Wire-Bending Space at Terminals. Wirc-bending space at cach terminal shall be provided in accordance with 312.6(B) (1) or (B) (2).
(1) Conductors Not Entering or Leaving Opposite Wall. Table 312.6(A) shall apply where the conductor does not enter or leave the enclosure through the wall opposite its terminal.
(2) Conductors Entering or Leaving Opposite Wall. Table 312.6(B)(2) shall apply where the conductor does enter or leave the enclosure through the wall opposite its terminal.
Exception No. 1: Where the distance between the wall and its terminal is in accordance with Table 312.6(A), a conductor shall be permitted to enteror leave an enclosure through the wall opposite its terminal, provi- ded the conductor enters or leaves the enclosure where the gutter joins an adjacent gutter that has a width that conforms to Table 312.6(B)(2) for the conductor.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-191
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
-
1033.5
968
636.0
709
312.6
ARTICLE 312 -CABINETS, CUTOUT BOXES, AND METER SOCKET ENCLOSURES
Table 312.6(A) Minimum Wire-Bending Space at Terminals and Minimum Width of Wiring Gutters
Wire Size (AWG or kemil)
Wires per Terminal
Compact Stranded AA-8000 Aluminum Alloy Conductors (see Note 2)
1
2
3
4
5
All Other Conductors
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
14-10
12-8
Not specified
8-6
64
38.1
11/2
4-3
2-1
50.8
2
2
1/0
63.5
21/2
1
2/0
76.2
3
1/0-2/0
3/0-4/0
88.9
31/%
127
5
178
7
3/0-4/0
250-300
102
4
152
6
203
8
250
350
114
152
6
203
8
254
10
300-350
400-500
127
5
203
8
254
10
305
12
400-500
600-750
152
6
203
8
254
10
305
12
356
14
600-700
800-1000
203
8
254
10
305
12
356
14
406
16
750-900
203
8
305
12
356
14
406
16
457
18
1000-1250
254
10
1500-2000
305
12
Notes:
1. Bending space at terminals shall he measured in a straight line from the end ofthe lug or wire connector (in the direction that the wire leaves the terminal) to the wall, barrier, or obstruction.
2. This column shall be permitted to be used to determine the minimum wire-bending space for compact stranded aluminum conductors in sizes up
to 1000 kcmil and manufactured using AA-8000 series electrical grade aluminum alloy conductor material in accordance with 310.3(B). The minimum width of the wire gutter space shall be determined using the all other conductors value in this table.
Exception No. 2: A conductor not larger than 350 kcmil shall be permitted to enter or leave an enclosure containing only a meter socket(s) through the wall opposite its terminal, provided the distance between the terminal and the opposite wall is not less than that specified in Table 312.6(A) and the terminal is a lay-in type or removable lug with integral mounting tang, where the terminal is either of the follow- ing:
(1) Directed toward the opening in the enclosure and within a 45-degree angle of directly facing the enclosure wall
(2) Directly facing the enclosure wall and offset. not greater than 50 percent of the bending space specified in Table 312.6(A)
Informational Note: Offset is the distance measured along the enclosure wall from the axis of the centerline of the terminal to a line passing through the center of the opening in the enclo- sure.
(C) Conductors 4 AWG or Larger. Installation shall comply with 300.4(G).
312.7 Space in Enclosures. Cabinets and cutout boxes shall have approved space to accommodate all conductors installed in them without crowding.
312.8 Switch and Overcurrent Device Enclosures. The wiring space within enclosures for switches and overcurrent devices shall be permitted for other wiring and equipment subject to limitations for specific equipment as provided in 312.8(A) and (B).
(A) Splices, Taps, and Feed-Through Conductors. The wiring space of enclosures for switches or overcurrent devices shall be permitted for conductors feeding through, spliced, or tapping off to other enclosures, switches, or overcurrent devices where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The total of all conductors installed at any cross section of the wiring space does not exceed 40 percent of the cross- sectional arca of that spacc.
(2) The total arca of all conductors, splices, and taps installed at any cross section of the wiring space does not exceed 75 percent of the cross-sectional arca of that space.
(3) The bending space for conductors 4 AWG and larger complies with 314.28(A) (2).
(4) A warning label complying with 110.21(B) is applied to the enclosure that identifies the closest disconnecting means for any feed-through conductors.
(B) Power Monitoring or Energy Management Equipment. The wiring space of enclosures for switches or overcurrent devi- ces shall be permitted to contain power monitoring or energy management equipment in accordance with 312.8(B) (1) through (B) (3).
(1) Identification. Power monitoring or energy management equipment shall cither be identified as a field installable acces- sory as part of the listed equipment or be a listed kit evaluated for field installation in switch or overcurrent device enclosures.
(2) Area. The total arca of all conductors, splices, taps, and equipment at any cross section of the wiring space shall not exceed 75 percent of the cross sectional arca of that spacc.
(3) Conductors. Conductors used exclusively for control or instrumentation circuits shall comply with cither 312.8(B) (3) (a) or (B) (3)(b).
(a) Conductors shall comply with 724.49.
(b) Conductors smaller than 18 AWG, but not smaller than 22 AWG for a single conductor and 26 AWG for a multi- conductor cable, shall be permitted to be used where the
70-192
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
-
-
312.10
ARTICLE 312 -CABINETS, CUTOUT BOXES, AND METER SOCKET ENCLOSURES
Table 312.6(B)(2) Minimum Wire-Bending Space at Terminals
Wires per Terminal
Wire Size (AWG or kemil)
1
2
3
4 or More
All Other Conductors
Compact Stranded AA-8000 Aluminum Alloy Conductors (See Note 3.)
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
14-10
12-8
Not specified
8
6
38.1
1%
6
4
50.8
2
4
2
76.2
3
3
1
76.2
3
2
1/0
88.9
1
2/0
114
1/0
3/0
140
51/2
140
51/4
178
7
2/0
4/0
152
6
152
6
190
3/0
250
165ª
165ª
6V/ **
203
8
4/0
300
178b
190
216-
81/2
250
350
216ª
8'/,ª
216ª
229b
254
10
300
400
254
10"
254ª
10ª
279b
11b
305
12
350
500
305
12
305
12"
330
13
356ª
14ª
400
600
330"
13ª
330°
13"
356"
14
381"
15
500
700-750
356
14
356"
14"
381"
15
406"
16
600
800-900
381
15
406"
16"
457"
18
483"
19
700
1000
406
16"
457-
18"
508
20
559
22
750
-
432
17"
483ª
19
559
610"
24
800
457
18
508
20
559
22
610
24
900
483
19
559
22
610
24
610
24
1000
508
20
1250
559
22
1500
610
24
1750
610
24
2000
610
24
Notes:
1. Bending space at terminals shall be measured in a straight line from the end of the lug or wire connector in a direction perpendicular to the enclosure wall.
2. For removable and lay-in wire terminals intended for only one wire, bending space shall be permitted to be reduced by the following number of millimeters (inches):
ª12.7 mm (1/2 in.)
"25.4 mm (1 in.)
'38.1 mm (11/2 in.)
450.8 mm (2 in.)
"76.2 mm (3 in.)
3. This column shall be permitted to determine the required wire-bending space for compact stranded aluminum conductors in sizes up to 1000 kcmil and manufactured using AA-8000 series electrical grade aluminum alloy conductor material in accordance with 310.3(B).
conductors and cable assemblies meet all of the following conditions:
(1) Arc enclosed within raceways or routed along one or more walls of the enclosure and secured at intervals that do not exceed 250 mm (10 in.)
(2) Arc secured within 250 mm (10 in.) of terminations
(3) Arc secured to prevent contact with current carrying components within the enclosure
(4) Arc rated for the system voltage and not less than 600 volts
(5) Have a minimum insulation temperature rating of 90
312.9 Side or Back Wiring Spaces or Gutters. Cabinets and cutout boxes shall be provided with back-wiring spaces, gutters, or wiring compartments as required by 312.101 (C) and (D).
312.10 Screws or Other Fasteners. Screws or other fasteners installed in the field that enter wiring spaces shall be as provi- ded by or specified by the manufacturer or shall comply with the following as applicable:
(1) Screws shall be machine type with blunt ends.
(2) Other fasteners shall have blunt ends.
(3) Screws or other fasteners shall extend into the enclosure no more than 6 mm (1/4 in.) unless the end is protected with an approved means.
Exception to (3): Screws or other fasteners shall be permitted to extend into the enclosure not more than 11 mm (1/16 in.) if located within 10 mm (3/s in.) of an enclosure wall.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-193
312.100
ARTICLE 314 - OUTLET, DEVICE, PULL, AND JUNCTION BOXES
Part II. Construction Specifications
312.100 Material. Cabinets, cutout boxes, and meter socket enclosures shall comply with 312.100(A) through (C).
(A) Metal Cabinets and Cutout Boxes. Metal enclosures within the scope of this article shall be protected both inside and outside against corrosion.
(B) Strength. The design and construction of enclosures within the scope of this article shall be such as to secure ample strength and rigidity. If constructed of sheet steel, the metal thickness shall not be less than 1.35 mm (0.053 in.) uncoated.
(C) Nonmetallic Cabinets. Nonmetallic cabinets shall be listed, or they shall be submitted for approval prior to installa- tion.
312.101 Spacing. The spacing within cabinets and cutout boxes shall comply with 312.101 (A) through (D).
(A) General. Spacing within cabinets and cutout boxes shall provide approved spacing for the distribution of wires and cables placed in them and for a separation between metal parts of devices and apparatus mounted within them in accordance with 312.101(A)(1), (A)(2), and (A) (3).
(1) Base. Other than at points of support, there shall be an airspace of at least 1.59 mm (0.0625 in.) between the base of the device and the wall of any metal cabinet or cutout box in which the device is mounted.
(2) Doors. There shall be an airspace of at least 25.4 mm (1.00 in.) between any live metal part, including live metal parts of enclosed fuses, and the door.
Exception: Where the door is lined with an approved insulating mate- rial or is of a thickness of metal not less than 2.36 mm (0.093 in.) uncoated, the airspace shall not be less than 12.7 mm (0.500 in.).
(3) Live Parts. There shall be an airspace of at least 12.7 mm (0.500 in.) between the walls, back, gutter partition, if of metal, or door of any cabinet or cutout box and the nearest exposed current-carrying part of devices mounted within the cabinet where the voltage does not exceed 250. This spacing shall be increased to at least 25.4 mm (1.00 in.) for voltages of 251 to 1000, nominal.
Exception: Where the conditions in 312.101(A)(2), Exception, are met, the airspace for nominal voltages from 251 to 600 shall be permitted to be not less than 12.7 mm (0.500 in.).
(B) Switch Clearance. Cabinets and cutout boxes shall be deep enough to allow the closing of the doors when 30-ampere branch-circuit panelboard switches are in any position, when combination cutout switches are in any position, or when other single-throw switches are opened as far as their construction permits.
(C) Wiring Space. Cabinets and cutout boxes that contain devices or apparatus connected within the cabinet or box to more than cight conductors, including those of branch circuits, meter loops, feeder circuits, power circuits, and similar circuits, but not including the supply circuit or a continuation thereof, shall have back-wiring spaces or one or more side-wiring spaces, side gutters, or wiring compartments.
(D) Wiring Space - Enclosure. Side-wiring spaces, side gutters, or side-wiring compartments of cabinets and cutout boxes shall be made tight enclosures by means of covers, barri-
crs, or partitions extending from the bases of the devices contained in the cabinet, to the door, framc, or sides of the cabinet.
Exception: Side-wiring spaces, side gutters, and side-wiring compart- ments of cabinets shall not be required to be made tight enclosures where those side spaces contain only conductors that enter the cabinet directly opposite to the devices where they terminate.
Partially enclosed back-wiring spaces shall be provided with covers to complete the enclosure. Wiring spaces that are required by 312.101 (C) and are exposed when doors are open shall be provided with covers to complete the enclosure. Where space is provided for feed-through conductors and for splices as required in 312.8, additional barriers shall not be required.
312.102 Doors or Covers. Cabinets, cutout boxes, and meter socket enclosures shall be equipped with doors or covers.
ARTICLE 314 Outlet, Device, Pull, and Junction Boxes; Conduit Bodies; Fittings; and Handhole Enclosures
Part I. General
314.1 Scope. This article covers the installation and use of all boxes and conduit bodies used as outlet, device, junction, or pull boxes, depending on their use, and handhole enclosures. Cast metal, sheet metal, nonmetallic, and other boxes such as FS, FD, and larger boxes are not classified as conduit bodies. This article also includes installation requirements for fittings used to join raceways and to connect raceways and cables to boxes and conduit bodics.
314.2 Round Boxes. Round boxes shall not be used where conduits or connectors requiring the use of locknuts or bush- ings are to be connected to the side of the box.
314.3 Nonmetallic Boxes. Nonmetallic boxes shall be permit- ted only with open wiring on insulators, concealed knob-and- tube wiring, cabled wiring methods with entirely nonmetallic shcaths, flexible cords, and nonmetallic raceways.
Exception No. 1: Where internal bonding means are provided between all entries, nonmetallic boxes shall be permitted to be used with metal raceways or metal-armored cables.
Exception No. 2: Where integral bonding means with a provision for attaching an equipment bonding jumper inside the box are provided between all threaded entries in nonmetallic boxes listed for the purpose, nonmetallic boxes shall be permitted to be used with metal raceways or metal-armored cables.
314.4 Metal Boxes. Metal boxes shall be grounded and bonded in accordance with Parts I, IV, V, VI, VII, and X of Arti- cle 250 as applicable, except as permitted in 250.112(I).
70-194
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
314.16
ARTICLE 314 -OUTLET, DEVICE, PULL, AND JUNCTION BOXES
314.5 Screws or Other Fasteners. Screws or other fasteners installed in the field that enter wiring spaces shall be as provi- ded by or specified by the manufacturer or shall comply with the following as applicable:
(1) Screws shall be machine type with blunt ends.
(2) Other fasteners shall have blunt ends.
(3) Screws attaching a cover shall extend no more than 10 mm (% in.).
(4) Screws or other fasteners, other than in (3), penetrating a cover shall extend no more than 8 mm (3/16 in.).
(5) Screws or other fasteners penetrating a wall of a box exceeding 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) shall extend no more than 6 mm (1/4 in.), or more than 11 mm (16 in.) if located within 10 mm ('s in.) of an adjacent box wall.
(6) Screws or other fasteners penetrating the wall of a box not exceeding 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) and not covered in 314.23(B) (1) shall be made flush with the box interior.
(7) Screws or other fasteners penetrating the wall of a conduit body shall be made flush with the conduit body interior.
Exception to (3) through (6): A screw shall be permitted to be longer if the end of the screw is protected with an approved means.
Part II. Installation
314.15 Damp or Wet Locations. In damp or wet locations, boxes, conduit bodies, outlet box hoods, and fittings shall be placed or equipped so as to prevent moisture from entering or accumulating within the box, conduit body, or fitting. Boxes, conduit bodies, outlet box hoods, and fittings installed in wet locations shall be listed for use in wet locations. Approved drainage openings not smaller than 3 mm (1/s in.) and not larger than 6 mm (1/4 in.) in diameter shall be permitted to be installed in the field in boxes or conduit bodies listed for use in clamp or wet locations. For installation of listed drain fittings, larger openings are permitted to be installed in the field in accordance with manufacturer's instructions.
Informational Note No. 1: See 314.27(B) for boxes in floors.
Informational Note No. 2: See 300.6 for protection against corrosion.
314.16 Number of Conductors in Outlet, Device, and Junction Boxes, and Conduit Bodies. Boxes and conduit bodies shall be of an approved size to provide free space for all enclosed conductors. In no case shall the volume of the box, as calcula- ted in 314.16(A), be less than the fill calculation as calculated in 314.16(B). The minimum volume for conduit bodies shall be as calculated in 314.16(C).
This section shall not apply to terminal housings supplied with motors or generators.
Informational Note: See 430.12 for volume requirements of motor or generator terminal housings.
Boxes and conduit bodies enclosing conductors 4 AWG or larger shall also comply with 314.28. Outlet and device boxes shall also comply with 314.24.
(A) Box Volume Calculations. The volume of a wiring enclo- sure (box) shall be the total volume of the as.sembledsections and, where used, the space provided by plaster rings, domed covers, extension rings, and so forth, that are marked with their volume or are made from boxes the dimensions of which are
listed in Table 314.16(A). Where a box is provided with one or more securely installed barriers, the volume shall be appor- tioned to cach of the resulting spaces. Each barrier, if not marked with its volume, shall be considered to take up 8.2 cm3 ('/s in.3) if metal, and 16.4 cm3 (1.0 in.3) if nonmetallic.
(1) Standard Boxes. The volumes of standard boxes that are not marked with their volume shall be as given in Table 314.16(A).
(2) Other Boxes. Boxes 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) or less, other than those described in Table 314.16(A), and nonmetallic boxes shall be durably and legibly marked by the manufacturer with their volume(s). Boxes described in Table 314.16(A) that have a volume larger than is designated in the table shall be permit- ted to have their volume marked as required by this section.
(B) Box Fill Calculations. The volumes in 314.16(B) (1) through (B)(6), as applicable, shall be added together. No allowance shall be required for small fittings such as locknuts and bushings. Each space within a box installed with a barrier shall be calculated separately.
(1) Conductor Fill. Each conductor that originates outside the box and terminates or is spliced within the box shall be coun- ted once, and each conductor that passes through the box without splice or termination shall be counted once. Each loop or coil of unbroken conductor not less than twice the mini- mum length required for free conductors in 300.14 shall be counted twice. The conductor fill shall be calculated using Table 314.16(B) (1). A conductor, no part of which leaves the box, shall not be counted.
Exception: An equipment grounding conductor or conductors or not over four fixture wires smaller than 14 AWG, or both, shall be permitted to be omitted from the calculations where they enter a box from a domed luminaire or similar canopy and terminate within that box.
(2) Clamp Fill. Where one or more internal cable clamps, whether factory or field supplied, are present in the box, a single volume allowance in accordance with Table 314.16(B) (1) shall be made based on the largest conductor present in the box. No allowance shall be required for a cable connector with its clamping mechanism outside the box.
(3) Support Fittings Fill. Where one or more luminaire studs or hickeys are present in the box, a single volume allowance in accordance with Table 314.16(B) (1) shall be made for cach type of fitting based on the largest conductor present in the box.
(4) Device or Equipment Fill. For cach yoke or strap contain- ing one or more devices or equipment, a double volume allow- ance in accordance with Table 314.16(B) (1) shall be made for cach yoke or strap based on the largest conductor connected to a device(s) or equipment supported by that yoke or strap. A device or utilization equipment wider than a single 50 mm (2 in.) device box as described in Table 314.16(A) shall have double volume allowances provided for cach gang required for mounting.
(5) Equipment Grounding Conductor Fill. Where up to four equipment grounding conductors enter a box, a single volume allowance in accordance with Table 314.16(B) (1) shall be made based on the largest equipment grounding conductor entering the box. A 1/4 volume allowance shall be made for cach additional equipment grounding conductor that enters the
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-195
314.16
ARTICLE 314 -OUTLET, DEVICE, PULL, AND JUNCTION BOXES
Table 314.16(A) Metal Boxes
Box Trade Size
Minimum Volume
Maximum Number of Conductors* (arranged by AWG size)
mm
in.
Cm3
in.3
18
16
14
12
10
8
6
100× 32
(4 x 11/4)
round/octagonal
205
12.5
8
7
6
5
5
4
2
100 × 38
(4 × 11/2)
round/octagonal
254
15.5
10
8
7
6
6
3
100 × 54
(4 × 21/2)
round/octagonal
353
21.5
14
12
10
9
8
7
4
100 x 32
(4× 11/4)
square
295
18.0
12
10
9
8
7
6
3
100 x 38
(4 × 11/2)
square
344
21.0
14
12
10
9
8
7
4
100 x 34
(4 × 21%)
square
497
30.3
20
17
15
13
12
10
6
120 x 32
(411/16 × 11/4)
square
418
25.5
17
14
12
11
10
8
5
120× 38
(411/16 × 11/2)
square
484
29.5
19
16
14
13
11
9
5
120 x 34
(411/16 × 21/2)
square
689
42.0
28
24
21
18
16
14
8
75 x 50 × 38
(3 × 2 × 11/2)
device
123
7.5
5
4
3
3
3
2
1
75 × 30×50
(3 × 2×2)
device
164
10.0
6
5
4
4
3
2
75x 50 x 57
(3× 2 × 214)
device
172
10.5
7
6
5
4
4
3
2
75 × 50 × 63
(3 × 2 × 21/2)
device
205
12.5
8
7
6
5
5
4
2
75 × 50×70
(3 × 2 × 294)
device
230
14.0
9
8
7
6
5
4
2
75 × 50×90
(3 × 2 × 31/2)
device
295
18.0
12
10
9
8
7
6
3
100 × 54 × 38
(4 × 21/* × 11/2)
device
169
10.3
6
5
5
4
4
3
2
100 × 54 × 48
(4 × 21× × 17%)
device
213
13.0
8
7
6
5
5
4
2
100× 54 x 54
(4 × 21/x × 21/4)
device
238
14.5
9
8
7
6
5
4
2
95 x 50 x 65 95 x 50 x 90
(3/4 × 2 × 21/2)
masonry box/gang masonry box/gang
230
14.0
9
8
7
6
5
4
2
min. 44.5 depth
FS - single cover/gang (13/4)
221
13.5
9
7
6
6
5
4
2
min. 60.3 depth
FD - single cover/gang (2%)
295
18.0
12
10
9
8
7
6
3
min. 44.5 depth
295
18.0
12
10
9
8
7
6
3
min. 60.3 depth
FS- multiple cover/gang (13%) FD - multiple cover/gang (2%)
395
24.0
16
13
12
10
9
8
4
*Where no volume allowances are required by 314.16(B) (2) through (B) (6).
box, based on the largest equipment grounding conductor entering the box.
(6) Terminal Block Fill. Where a terminal block is present in a box, a single volume allowance in accordance with Table 314.16(B) (1) shall be made for cach terminal block as.semblv based on the largest conductor(s) terminated tothe assembly.
(C) Conduit Bodies.
(1) General. Conduit bodies enclosing 6 AWG conductors or smaller, other than short-radius conduit bodies as described in 314.16(C) (3), shall have a cross-sectional arca not less than twice the cross-sectional arca of the largest conduit or tubing to which they can be attached. The maximum number of conduc- tors permitted shall be the maximum number permitted by Table 1 of Chapter 9 for the conduit or tubing to which it is attached.
(2) With Splices, Taps, or Devices. Only those conduit bodies that are durably and legibly marked by the manufacturer with their volume shall be permitted to contain splices, taps, or devi- ces. The maximum number of conductors shall be calculated in accordance with 314.16(B). Conduit bodies shall be suppor- ted in a rigid and secure manner.
(3) Short Radius Conduit Bodies. Conduit bodies such as capped elbows and service-entrance elbows that enclose conductors 6 AWG or smaller, and are only intended to enable the installation of the raceway and the contained conductors, shall not contain splices, taps, or devices and shall be of an
Table 314.16(B)(1) Volume Allowance Required per Conductor
Free Space Within Box for Each Conductor
Size of Conductor (AWG)
cm3
in.3
18
24.6
1.50
16
28.7
1.75
14
32.8
2.00
12
36.9
2.25
10
41.0
2.50
8
49.2
3.00
6
81.9
3.00
approved size to provide free space for all conductors enclosed in the conduit body.
314.17 Conductors and Cables Entering Boxes, Conduit Bodies, or Fittings. Conductors entering boxes, conduit bodies, or fittings shall be protected from abrasion. Conductors and cables shall comply with 314.17(A) through (C).
(A) Openings to Be Closed. Openings through which conduc- tors enter shall be closed in an approved manner.
(B) Boxes and Conduit Bodies. The installation of the conductors and cables in boxes and conduit bodies shall comply with 314.17(B) (1) through (B)(4).
70-196
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
(3/4 × 2 × 31/2)
344
21.0
14
12
10
9
8
7
4
314.23
ARTICLE 314 -OUTLET, DEVICE, PULL, AND JUNCTION BOXES
(1) Conductors Entering Through Individual Holes or Through Flexible Tubing. For messenger-supported wiring, open wiring on insulators, or concealed knob-and-tube wiring, the conductors shall enter the box through individual holes. In installations where metal boxes or conduit bodies are used with conductors unprotected by flexible tubing, the individual openings shall be provided with insulating bushings. Where flexible tubing is used to enclose the conductors, the tubing shall extend from the last insulating support to not less than 6 mm (1/4 in.) inside the box or conduit body and 6 mm (1/4 in.) beyond the end of any cable clamp. The wiring method shall be secured to the box or conduit body.
(2) Cables Entering Through Cable Clamps. Where cable assemblies with nonmetallic sheaths are used, the sheath shall extend not less than 6 mm (1/4 in.) inside the box and 6 mm (1/4 in.) beyond the end of any cable clamp. Except as covered in 300.15(C), the wiring method shall be secured to the box or conduit body.
Exception: Where nometallic-sheathed cable is used with single gang nonmetallic boxes not larger than a nominal size 57 mm × 100 mm (2'/4 in. x 4 in.) mounted in walls or ceilings, and where the cable is fastened within 200 mm (8 in.) of the box measured along the sheath and where the sheath extends through a cable knockout not less than 6 mm (1/4 in.), securing the cable to the box shall not be required. Multi- ple cable entries shall be permitted in a single cable knockout opening.
(3) Conductors and Cables Entering Through Raceways. Where the raceway is complete between boxes, conduit bodies, or both and encloses individual conductors or nonmetallic cable assemblies or both, the conductors or cable assemblies shall not be required to be additionally secured. Where race- ways enclose cable assemblies as covered in 300.15(C), the cable assembly shall not be required to be additionally secured within the box or conduit body.
(4) Temperature Limitation. Nonmetallic boxes and conduit bodies shall be suitable for the lowest temperature-rated conductor entering the box or conduit body.
(C) Conductors 4 AWG or Larger. Installation shall comply with 300.4(G).
Informational Note: See 110.12(A) for requirements on closing unused cable and raceway knockout openings.
314.19 Boxes Enclosing Flush Devices or Flush Equipment. Boxes used to enclose flush devices or flush equipment shall be of such design that the devices or equipment will be completely enclosed on the back and sides, and substantial support for the devices or equipment will be provided. Screws for supporting the box shall not also be used to attach a device or equipment.
314.20 Flush-Mounted Installations. Installations within or behind a surface of concrete, tile, gypsum, plaster, or other noncombustible material, including boxes employing a flush- type cover or faceplate, shall be made so that the front edge of the box, plaster ring, extension ring, or listed extender will not be set back of the finished surface more than 6 mm (1/4 in.).
Installations within a surface of wood or other combustible surface material, boxes, plaster rings, extension rings, or listed extenders shall extend to the finished surface or project there- from.
314.21 Repairing Noncombustible Surfaces. Noncombustible surfaces that are broken or incomplete around boxes employ- ing a flush-type cover or faceplate shall be repaired so there
will be no gaps or open spaces greater than 3 mm (1/s in.) at the edge of the box.
314.22 Surface Extensions. Surface extensions shall be made by mounting and mechanically securing an extension ring over the box. Equipment grounding shall be in accordance with Part VI of Article 250.
Exception: A surface extension shall be permitted to be made from the cover of a box where the cover is designed so it is unlikely to fall off or be removed af its securing means becomes loose. The wiring method shall be flexible for an approved length that permits removal of the cover and provides arcess to the box interior and shall be arranged so that any grounding continuity is independent of the connection between the box and cover.
314.23 Supports. Enclosures within the scope of this article shall be supported in accordance with 314.23(A) through (H) as applicable.
(A) Surface Mounting. An enclosure mounted on a building or other surface shall be rigidly and securely fastened in place. If the surface does not provide rigid and secure support, addi- tional support in accordance with this section shall be provi- ded.
(B) Structural Mounting. An enclosure supported from a structural member or from grade shall be rigidly supported cither directly or by using a metal, polymeric, or wood bracc.
(1) Nails and Screws. Nails and screws, where used as a fasten- ing means, shall secure boxes by using brackets on the outside of the enclosure, or by using mounting holes in the back or in one or more sides of the enclosure, or they shall pass through the interior within 6 mm (1/4 in.) of the back or ends of the enclosure. Screws shall not be permitted to pass through the box unless exposed threads in the box are protected using approved means to avoid abrasion of conductor insulation. Mounting holes made in the field shall be approved.
(2) Braces. Metal braces shall be protected against corrosion and formed from metal that is not less than 0.51 mm (0.020 in.) thick uncoated. Wood braces shall have a cross section not less than nominal 25 mm x 50 mm (1 in. x 2 in.). Wood braces in wet locations shall be treated for the condi- tions. Polymeric braces shall be identified as being suitable for the usc.
(C) Mounting in Finished Surfaces. An enclosure mounted in a finished surface shall be rigidly secured thereto by clamps, anchors, or fittings identified for the application.
(D) Suspended Ceilings. An enclosure mounted to structural or supporting clements of a suspended ceiling shall be not more than 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) in size and shall be securely fastened in place in accordance with cither 314.23(D) (1) or (D) (2).
(1) Framing Members. An enclosure shall be fastened to the framing members by mechanical means such as bolts, screws, or rivets, or by the use of clips or other securing means identi- ficd for use with the type of ceiling framing member(s) and enclosure(s) employed. The framing members shall be suppor- ted in an approved manner and securely fastened to cach other and to the building structure.
(2) Support Wires. The installation shall comply with 300.11(B). The enclosure shall be secured, using identified methods, to ceiling support wire(s), including any additional
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-197
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
314.23
ARTICLE 314 -OUTLET, DEVICE, PULL, AND JUNCTION BOXES
support wirc(s) installed for ceiling support. Support wirc (s) used for enclosure support shall be fastened at cach end so as to be taut within the ceiling cavity.
(E) Raceway-Supported Enclosure, Without Devices, Lumin- aires, or Lampholders. An enclosure that does not contain a device(s), other than splicing devices, or supports a lumin- airc(s), a lampholder, or other equipment and is supported by entering raceways shall not exceed 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) in sizc. It shall have threaded entries or identified hubs. It shall be supported by two or more conduits threaded wrenchtight into the enclosure or hubs. Each conduit shall be secured within 900 mm (3 ft) of the enclosure, or within 450 mm (18 in.) of the enclosure if all conduit entries are on the same side.
Exception: The following wiring methods shall be permitted to support a conduit body of any size, including a conduit body constructed with only one conduit entry, provided that the trade size of the conduit body is not larger than the largest trade size of the conduit or tubing:
(1) Intermediate metal ronduit, IMC
(2) Rigid metal conduit, RMC
(3) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, PVC
(4) Reinforced thermosetting resin conduit, RT RC
(5) Electrical metallic tubing, EMT
(F) Raceway-Supported Enclosures, with Devices, Luminaires, or Lampholders. An enclosure that contains a device(s), other than splicing devices, or supports a luminaire (s), a lampholder, or other equipment and is supported by entering raccways shall not exceed 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) in size. It shall have threaded entries or identified hubs. It shall be supported by two or more conduits threaded wrenchtight into the enclosure or hubs. Each conduit shall be secured within 450 mm (18 in.) of the enclosure.
Exception No. 1: Rigid metal or intermediate metal conduit shall be permitted to support a conduit body of any size, including a conduit body constructed with only one conduit entry, provided the trade size of the conduit body is not larger than the largest trade size of the conduit.
Exception No. 2: An unbroken length(s) of rigid or intermediate metal ronduit shall be permitted to support a box used for luminaire or lamp- holder support, or to support a wiring enclosure that is an integral part of a luminaire and used in lieu of a box in accordance with 300.15(B), where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The conduit is securely fastened at a point so that the length of conduit beyond the last point of conduit support does not exceed 900 mm (3 ft).
(2) The unbroken conduit length before the last point of conduit support is 300 mm (12 in.) or greater, and that portion of the ronduit is securely fastened at some point not less than 300 mm (12 in.) from its last point of support.
(3) Where accessible to unqualified persons, the luminaire or lamp- holder, measured to its lowest point, is at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above grade or standing area and at least 900 mm (3 ft) measured horizontally to the 2.5 m (8 ft) elevation from windows, doors, porches, fire escapes, or similar locations.
(4) A luminaire supported by a single conduit does not exceed 300 mm (12 in.) in any direction from the point of conduit entry.
(5) The weight supported by any single conduit does not exceed 9 kg (20 lb).
(6) At the luminaire or lampholder end, the conduit(s) is threaded wrenchtight into the box, conduit body, integral wiring enclosure, or identified hubs. Where a box or conduit body is used for support, the luminaire shall be secured directly to the box or
conduit body, or through a threaded conduit nipple not over 75 mm (3 in.) long.
(G) Enclosures in Concrete or Masonry. An enclosure suppor- ted by embedment shall be identified as suitably protected from corrosion and securely embedded in concrete or masonry.
(H) Pendant Boxes. An enclosure supported by a pendant shall comply with 314.23(H) (1) or (H) (2).
(1) Flexible Cord. A box shall be supported from a multicon- ductor cord or cable in an approved manner that protects the conductors against strain. A connection to a box equipped with a hub shall be made with a listed cord grip attachment fitting marked for use with a threaded hub.
(2) Conduit. A box supporting lampholders or luminaires, or wiring enclosures within luminaires used in licu of boxes in accordance with 300.15(B), shall be supported by rigid or inter- mediate metal conduit stems. For stems longer than 450 mm (18 in.), the stems shall be connected to the wiring system with listed swivel hangers suitable for the location. At the luminaire end, the conduit(s) shall be threaded wrenchtight into the box, wiring enclosure, or identified hubs.
Where supported by only a single conduit, the threaded joints shall be prevented from loosening by the use of set- screws or other effective means, or the luminaire, at any point, shall be at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above grade or standing arca and at Icast 900 mm (3 ft) measured horizontally to the 2.5 m (8 ft) elevation from windows, doors, porches, fire escapes, or similar locations. A luminaire supported by a single conduit shall not exceed 300 mm (12 in.) in any horizontal direction from the point of conduit entry.
314.24 Dimensions of Boxes. Outlet and device boxes shall have approved dimensions to allow equipment installed within them to be mounted properly and without likelihood of damage to conductors within the box.
(A) Depth of Outlet Boxes Without Enclosed Devices or Utilization Equipment. Outlet boxes that do not enclose devi- ces or utilization equipment shall have a minimum internal depth of 12.7 mm (1/2 in.).
(B) Depth of Outlet and Device Boxes with Enclosed Devices or Utilization Equipment. Outlet and device boxes that enclose devices or utilization equipment shall have a minimum internal depth that accommodates the rearward projection of the equipment and the size of the conductors that supply the equipment. The internal depth shall include, where used, that of any extension boxes, plaster rings, or raised covers. The internal depth shall comply with 314.24(B) (1) through (B) (5) as applicable.
(1) Large Equipment. Boxes that enclose devices or utilization equipment that projects more than 48 mm (1% in.) rcarward from the mounting plane of the box shall have a depth that is not less than the depth of the equipment plus 6 mm (1/4 in.).
(2) Conductors Larger Than 4 AWG. Boxes that enclose devi- ces or utilization equipment supplied by conductors larger than 4 AWG shall be identified for their specific function.
Exception: Devices or utilization equipment supplied by conductors larger than 4 AWG shall be permitted to be mounted on or in junction and pull boxes larger than 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) if the spacing at the terminals meets the requirements of 312.6.
70-198
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
314.27
ARTICLE 314 -OUTLET, DEVICE, PULL, AND JUNCTION BOXES
(3) Conductors 8, 6, or 4 AWG. Boxes that enclose devices or utilization equipment supplied by 8, 6, or 4 AWG conductors shall have an internal depth that is not less than 52.4 mm (2/16 in.).
(4) Conductors 12 or 10 AWG. Boxes that enclose devices or utilization equipment supplied by 12 or 10 AWG conductors shall have an internal depth that is not less than 30.2 mm (13/16 in.). Where the equipment projects rearward from the mounting planc of the box by more than 25 mm (1 in.), the box shall have a depth not less than that of the equipment plus 6 mm (1/4 in.). Where wiring enters the center portion of the rear of a box opposite to the equipment, the minimum clear- ance shall be increased to 13 mm (1/2 in.)
(5) Conductors 14 AWG and Smaller. Boxes that enclose devi- ces or utilization equipment supplied by 14 AWG or smaller conductors shall have a depth that is not less than 23.8 mm (15/16; in.).
Exception: Under any of the conditions specified in 314.24(B)(1) through (B)(5), devices or utilization equipment that is listed to be installed with specified boxes shall be permitted.
(C) Clearances for Side-Wiring Entrances. Where devices or equipment are mounted in boxes having side-wiring entries, the conductors entering from the side shall be protected as covered in (1) or (2), as follows. The term side applies to any wall of a box other than the one opposite to the opening.
(1) The rearward projection of the device or equipment shall not extend beyond the centerline of the wiring knockout or other entry.
(2) The clearance from the box wall to the installed device or equipment shall be not less than 13 mm (1/2 in.).
314.25 Covers and Canopies. In completed installations, cach box shall have a cover, faceplate, lampholder, or luminaire canopy, except where the installation complies with 410.24(B). Conduit body enclosures shall be installed with a cover, lamp- holder, or device. Screws used for the purpose of attaching covers, or other equipment, to the box shall be either machine screws matching the thread gauge and size that is integral to the box or shall be in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
(A) Nonmetallic or Metal Covers and Plates. Nonmetallic or metal covers and plates shall be permitted. Where metal covers or plates are used, they shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.110.
Informational Note: See 410.42 for metal luminaire canopies and 404.12 and 406.6(B) for metal faceplates for additional grounding requirement.s.
(B) Exposed Combustible Wall or Ceiling Finish. Where a luminaire canopy or pan is used, any combustible wall or ceil- ing finish exposed between the edge of the canopy or pan and the outlet box shall be covered with noncombustible material if required by 410.23.
(C) Flexible Cord Pendants. Covers of outlet boxes and conduit bodies having holes through which flexible cord pend- ants pass shall be provided with identified bushings or shall have smooth, well-rounded surfaces on which the cords can bear. So-called hard rubber or composition bushings shall not be used.
314.27 Outlet Boxes.
(A) Boxes at Luminaire or Lampholder Outlets. Outlet boxes or fittings designed for the support of luminaires and lamp- holders, and installed as required by 314.23, shall be permitted to support a luminaire or lampholder.
(1) Vertical Surface Outlets. Boxes used at luminaire or lamp- holder outlets in or on a vertical surface shall be identified and marked on the interior of the box to indicate the maximum weight of the luminaire that is permitted to be supported by the box if other than 23 kg (50 lb).
Exception: A vertically mounted luminaire or lampholder weighing not more than 3 kg (6 lb) shall be permitted to be supported on other boxes or plaster rings that are secured to other boxes, provided that the lumin- aire or its supporting yoke, or the lampholder, is secured to the box with no fewer than two No. 6 or larger screws.
(2) Ceiling Outlets. At every outlet used exclusively for light- ing, the box shall be designed or installed so that a luminaire or lampholder can be 'attached. Boxes shall be required to support a luminaire weighing a minimum of 23 kg (50 lb). A luminaire that weighs more than 23 kg (50 lb) shall be suppor- ted independently of the outlet box, unless the outlet box is listed for not less than the weight to be supported. The interior of the box shall be marked by the manufacturer to indicate the maximum weight the box shall be permitted to support.
(B) Floor Boxes. Boxes listed specifically for this application shall be used for receptacles located in the floor.
Exception: Where the authority having jurisdiction judges them free from likely exposure to physical damage, moisture, and dirt, boxes loca- ted in elevated floors of show windows and similar locations shall be permitted to be other than those listed for floor applications. Receptacles and covers shall be listed as an assembly for this type of location.
(C) Boxes at Ceiling-Suspended (Paddle) Fan Outlets. Outlet boxes or outlet box systems used as the sole support of a ceiling-suspended (paddle) fan shall be listed, shall be marked by their manufacturer on the interior of the box as suitable for this purpose, and shall not support ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans that weigh more than 32 kg (70 lb). For outlet boxes or outlet box systems designed to support ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans that weigh more than 16 kg (35 lb), the required marking shall include the maximum weight to be supported.
Outlet boxes mounted in the ceilings of habitable rooms of dwelling occupancies in a location acceptable for the installa- tion of a ceiling-suspended (paddle) fan shall comply with one of the following:
(1) Listed for the sole support of ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans
(2) Installed so as to allow direct access through the box to structural framing capable of supporting a ceiling- suspended (paddle) fan without removing the box
(D) Utilization Equipment. Boxes used for the support of utilization equipment other than ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans shall meet the requirements of 314.27(A) for the support of a luminaire that is the same size and weight.
Exception: Utilization equipment weighing not more than 3 kg (6 lb) shall be permitted to be supported on other boxes or plaster rings that are secured to other boxes, provided the equipment or its supporting yohe is secured to the box with no fewer than two No. 6 or larger screws.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-199
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
314.27
ARTICLE 314 -OUTLET, DEVICE, PULL, AND JUNCTION BOXES
(E) Weight-Supporting Ceiling Receptacles (WSCR) and Weight-Supporting Attachment Fittings (WSAF). Outlet boxes required in 314.27 shall be permitted to support listed weight- supporting ceiling receptacles (WSCR). A WSCR shall be used in combination with compatible weight-supporting attachment fittings (WSAF)that are identified for the support of equipment within the weight and mounting orientation limits of the list- ing. Where the WSCR is installed, it shall be included in the box fill calculation covered in 314.16(B) (4).
Listed WSCR used in combination with compatible WSAF shall be permitted to be installed in outlet boxes for the sole support of ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans, in accordance with 314.27(C).
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD-6, American National Standard for Wiring Devices-Dimensional Specifications, for standard configurations of weight-supporting ceiling receptacles and weight-supporting attachment fittings.
314.28 Pull and Junction Boxes and Conduit Bodies. Boxcs and conduit bodies used as pull or junction boxes shall comply with 314.28(A) through (E).
Exception: Terminal housings supplied with motors shall comply with the provisions of 430.12.
(A) Minimum Size. For raccways containing conductors of 4 AWG or larger that are required to be insulated, and for cables containing conductors of 4 AWG or larger, the minimum dimensions of pull or junction boxes installed in a raceway or cable run shall comply with 314.28(A) (1) through (A) (3). Where an enclosure dimension is to be calculated based on the diameter of entering raceways, the diameter shall be the metric designator (trade size) expressed in the units of measurement employed.
(1) Straight Pulls. In straight pulls, the length of the box or conduit body shall not be less than eight times the metric desig- nator (trade size) of the largest raceway.
(2) Angle or U Pulls, or Splices. Where splices or where angle or U pulls are made, the distance between cach raceway entry inside the box or conduit body and the opposite wall of the box or conduit body shall not be less than six times the metric designator (trade size) of the largest raceway in a row. This distance shall be increased for additional entries by the amount of the sum of the diameters of all other raceway entries in the same row on the same wall of the box. Each row shall be calcu- lated individually, and the single row that provides the maxi- mum distance shall be used.
Exception: Where a raceway or cable entry is in the wall of a box or conduit body opposite a removable cover, the distance from that wall to the cover shall be permitted to comply with the distance required for one wire per terminal in Table 312.6(A).
The distance between raceway entries enclosing the same conductor shall not be less than six times the metric designator (trade size) of the larger raceway.
When transposing cable size into raceway size in 314.28(A) (1) and (A)(2), the minimum metric designator (trade size) raceway required for the number and size of conductors in the cable shall be used.
(3) Smaller Dimensions. Listed boxes or listed conduit bodies of dimensions less than those required in 314.28(A) (1) and (A) (2) shall be permitted for installations of combinations of
conductors that are less than the maximum conduit or tubing fill (of conduits or tubing being used) permitted by Table 1 of Chapter 9.
Listed conduit bodies of dimensions less than those required in 314.28(A) (2), and having a radius of the curve to the center- line not less than that indicated in Table 2 of Chapter 9 for one-shot and full-shoc benders, shall be permitted for installa- tions of combinations of conductors permitted by Table 1 of Chapter 9. These conduit bodies shall be marked to show they have been specifically evaluated in accordance with this provi- sion.
Where the permitted combinations of conductors for which the box or conduit body has been listed are less than the maxi- mum conduit or tubing fill permitted by Table 1 of Chapter 9, the box or conduit body shall be permanently marked with the maximum number and maximum size of conductors permit- ted. For other conductor sizes and combinations, the total cross-sectional arca of the fill shall not exceed the cross- sectional arca of the conductors specified in the marking, based on the type of conductor identified as part of the prod- uct listing.
Informational Note: Unless otherwise specified, the applicable product standards evaluate the fill markings covered here based on conductors with Type XHHW insulation.
(B) Conductors in Pull or Junction Boxes. In pull boxes or junction boxes having any dimension over 1.8 m (6 ft), all conductors shall be cabled or racked up in an approved manner.
(C). Covers. All pull boxes, junction boxes, and conduit bodies shall be provided with covers compatible with the box or conduit body construction and suitable for the conditions of use. Where used, metal covers shall comply with the grounding requirements of 250.110.
(D) Permanent Barriers. Where permanent barriers arc installed in a box, cach section shall be considered as a sepa- rate box.
(E) Power Distribution Blocks. Power distribution blocks shall be permitted in pull and junction boxes over 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) for connections of conductors where installed in boxes and where the installation complies with 314.28(E) (1) through (E) (5).
Exception: Equipment grounding terminal bars shall be permitted in smaller enclosures.
(1) Installation. Power distribution blocks installed in boxes shall be listed.
(2) Size. In addition to the overall size requirement in the first sentence of 314.28(A) (2), the power distribution block shall be installed in a box with dimensions not smaller than specified in the installation instructions of the power distribution block.
(3) Wire Bending Space. Wirc bending space at the terminals of power distribution blocks shall comply with 312.6.
(4) Live Parts. Power distribution blocks shall not have unin- sulated live parts exposed within a box, whether or not the box cover is installed.
(5) Through Conductors. Where the pull or junction boxes are used for conductors that do not terminate on the power distribution block(s), the through conductors shall bc
70-200
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
314.71
ARTICLE 314 -OUTLET, DEVICE, PULL, AND JUNCTION BOXES
arranged so the power distribution block terminals are unob- structed following installation.
314.29 Boxes, Conduit Bodies, and Handhole Enclosures to Be Accessible. Boxes, conduit bodies, and handhole enclo- sures shall be installed so that wiring and devices contained in the boxes, conduit bodies, or handhole enclosures can be rendered accessible in accordance with 314.29(A) and (B).
(A) In Buildings and Other Structures. Boxes and conduit bodies shall be installed so the contained wiring and devices are accessible.
(B) Underground. Underground boxes and handhole enclo- sures shall be installed so they are accessible without excavating sidewalks, paving, carth, or other substance that is to be used to establish the finished gradc.
Exception: Listed boxes and handhole enclosures shall be permitted where covered by gravel, light aggregate, or noncohesive granulated soil if their location is effectively described and accessible for excavation. The location description shall be available to those authorized to access, maintain, or inspect the wiring.
314.30 Handhole Enclosures. Handhole enclosures shall be designed and installed to withstand all loads likely to be imposed on them. They shall be identified for use in under- ground systems.
Informational Note: See ANSI/SCTE 77-2013, Sperification for Underground Enclosure Integrity, for additional information on deliberate and nondeliberate traffic loading that can be expec- ted to bear on underground enclosures.
(A) Size. Handhole enclosures shall be sized in accordance with 314.28(A) for conductors operating at 1000 volts or below, and in accordance with 314.71 for conductors operating at over 1000 volts. For handhole enclosures without bottoms where the provisions of 314.28(A) (2), Exception, or 314.71 (B) (1), Excep- tion No. 1, apply, the measurement to the removable cover shall be taken from the end of the conduit or cable assembly.
(B) Wiring Entries. Underground raceways and cable assem- blics entering a handhole enclosure shall extend into the enclosure, but they shall not be required to be mechanically connected to the enclosure.
(C) Enclosed Wiring. All enclosed conductors and any splices or terminations, if present, shall be listed as suitable for wet locations.
(D) Covers. Handhole enclosure covers shall have an identify- ing mark or logo that prominently identifies the function of the enclosure, such as "electric." Handhole enclosure covers shall require the use of tools to open, or they shall weigh over 45 kg (100 lb). Metal covers and other exposed conductive surfaces shall be bonded in accordance with 250.92 if the conductors in the handhole are service conductors, or in accordance with 250.96(A) if the conductors in the handhole are feeder or branch-circuit conductors.
Part III. Pull and Junction Boxes, Conduit Bodies, and Hand- hole Enclosures for Use on Systems over 1000 Volts, Nominal
314.70 General.
(A) Pull and Junction Boxes. Where pull and junction boxcs are used on systems over 1000 volts, the installation shall
comply with Part III and with the following general provisions of this article:
(1) Part I, 314.2, 314.3, 314.4, and 314.5
(2) Part II, 314.15; 314.17; 314.20; 314.23(A), (B), or (G); 314.28(B); and 314.29
(3) Part III, 314.100(A) and (C); and 314.101
(B) Conduit Bodies. Where conduit bodies are used on systems over 1000 volts, the installation shall comply with Part III and with the following general provisions of this article:
(1) Part I, 314.4, and 314.5
(2) Part II, 314.15; 314.17; 314.23(A), (E), or (G); 314.28(A) (3); and 314.29
(3) Part III, 314.100(A) and 314.101
(C) Handhole Enclosures. Where handhole enclosures arc used on systems over 1000 volts, the installation shall comply with Part III and with the following general provisions of this article:
(1) Part I, 314.3, 314.4, and 314.5
(2) Part II, 314.15, 314.17, 314.23(G), 314.28(B), 314.29, and 314.30
314.71 Size of Pull and Junction Boxes, Conduit Bodies, and Handhole Enclosures. Pull and junction boxes and handhole enclosures shall provide approved space and dimensions for the installation of conductors, and they shall comply with the specific requirements of this section. Conduit bodies shall be permitted if they meet the dimensional requirements for boxes.
(A) For Straight Pulls. The length of the box shall not be less than 48 times the outside diameter, over sheath, of the largest shielded or lead-covered conductor or cable entering the box. The length shall not be less than 32 times the outside diameter of the largest nonshielded conductor or cable.
(B) For Angle or U Pulls.
(1) Distance to Opposite Wall. The distance between cach cable or conductor entry inside the box and the opposite wall of the box shall not be less than 36 times the outside diameter, over sheath, of the largest cable or conductor. This distance shall be increased for additional entries by the amount of the sum of the outside diameters, over sheath, of all other cables or conductor entries through the same wall of the box.
Exception No. 1: Where a conductor or cable entry is in the wall of a box opposite a removable cover; the distance from that wall to the cover shall be permitted to be not less than the bending radius for the conduc- tors as provided in 305.5.
Exception No. 2: Where cables are nonshielded and not lead covered, the distance of 36 times the outside diameter shall be permitted to be reduced to 24 times the outside diameter.
(2) Distance Between Entry and Exit. The distance between a cable or conductor entry and its exit from the box shall not be less than 36 times the outside diameter, over sheath, of that cable or conductor.
Exception: Where cables are nonshielded and not lead covered, the distance of 36 times the outside diameter shall be permitted to be reduced to 24 times the outside diameter.
(C) Removable Sides. One or more sides of any pull box shall be removable.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-201
314.72
ARTICLE 315 - MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
314.72 Construction and Installation Requirements.
(A) Corrosion Protection. Boxes shall be made of material inherently resistant to corrosion or shall be suitably protected, both internally and externally, by cnameling, galvanizing, plat- ing, or other means.
(B) Passing Through Partitions. Suitable bushings, shields, or fittings having smooth, rounded edges shall be provided where conductors or cables pass through partitions and at other loca- tions where necessary.
(C) Complete Enclosure. Boxes shall provide a complete enclosure for the contained conductors or cables.
(D) Wiring Is Accessible. Boxes and conduit bodies shall be installed so that the conductors are accessible without remov- ing any fixed part of the building or structure. Working space shall be provided in accordance with 110.34.
(E) Suitable Covers. Boxes shall be closed by suitable covers securely fastened in place. Underground box covers that weigh over 45 kg (100 lb) shall be considered meeting this require- ment. Covers for boxes shall be permanently marked "DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE - KEEP OUT." The marking shall be on the outside of the box cover and shall be readily visible. Letters shall be block type and at least 13 mm (1/2 in.) in height.
(F) Suitable for Expected Handling. Boxes and their covers shall be capable of withstanding the handling to which they are likely to be subjected.
Part IV. Construction Specifications
314.100 Metal Boxes, Conduit Bodies, and Fittings.
(A) Corrosion Resistant. Metal boxes, conduit bodies, and fittings shall be corrosion resistant or shall be well-galvanized, enameled, or otherwise properly coated inside and out to prevent corrosion.
Informational Note: See 300.6 for limitation in the use of boxes and fittings protected from corrosion solely by enamel.
(B) Thickness of Metal. Sheet steel boxes not over 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) in size shall be made from, steel not less than 1.59 mm (0.0625 in.) thick. The wall of a mallcable iron box or conduit body and a die-cast or permanent-mold cast aluminum, brass, bronze, or zinc box or conduit body shall not be less than 2.38 mm (3/3g in.) thick. Other cast metal boxes or conduit bodies shall have a wall thickness not less than 3.17 mm ('s in.).
Exception No. 1: Listed boxes and conduit bodies shown to have equiv- alent strength and characteristics shall be permitted to be made of thin- ner or other metals.
Exception No. 2: The walls of listed short radius conduit bodies, as covered in 314.16(C)(2), shall be permitted to be made of thinner metal.
(C) Metal Boxes Over 1650 cm3 (100 in.3). Metal boxes over 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) in size shall be constructed so as to be of ample strength and rigidity. If of sheet steel, the metal thick- ness shall not be less than 1.35 mm (0.053 in.) uncoated.
(D) Equipment Grounding Conductor Provisions. A means shall be provided in cach metal box for the connection of an
equipment grounding conductor. The means shall be permit- ted to be a tapped hole or equivalent.
314.101 Covers. Metal covers shall be of the same material as the box or conduit body with which they are used, or they shall be lined with firmly attached insulating material that is not less than 0.79 mm (V/s in.) thick, or they shall be listed for the purpose. Metal covers shall be the same thickness as the boxes or conduit body for which they are used, or they shall be listed for the purpose. Covers of porcelain or other approved insulat- ing materials shall be permitted if of such form and thickness as to afford the required protection and strength.
314.102 Bushings. Covers of outlet boxes and conduit bodies having holes through which flexible cord pendants pass shall be provided with approved bushings or shall have smooth, well- rounded surfaces on which the cord will bear. Where individual conductors pass through a metal cover, a separate hole equip- ped with a bushing of suitable insulating material shall be provided for cach conductor. Such separate holes shall be connected by a slot as required by 300.20.
314.103 Nonmetallic Boxes .. Provisions for supports or other mounting means for nonmetallic boxes shall be outside of the box, or the box shall be constructed so as to prevent contact between the conductors in the box and the supporting screws.
314.104 Marking. All boxes and conduit bodies, covers, exten- sion rings, plaster rings, and the like shall be durably and legi- bly marked with the manufacturer's name or trademark.
ARTICLE 315 Medium Voltage Conductors, Cable, Cable Joints, and Cable Terminations
Part I. General
315.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, construc- tion specifications, and ampacities for Type MV medium volt- age conductors, cable, cable joints, and cable terminations. This article includes voltages from 2001 volts to 35,000 voltsac, nominal and 2001 volts to 2500 volts de,nominal.
315.6 Listing Requirements. Typc MV cables, type MV cable joints, type MV cable terminations, connectors, and associated fittings shall be listed. The listing requirement for Type MV cable joints, cable terminations, and connectors shall be effec- tive January 1, 2026.
Part II. Construction Specifications
315.10 Constructions and Applications. Typc MV cables shall comply with the applicable provisions in 315.10(A) through (C).
(A) Conductor Application and Insulation. Conductor applica- tion and insulation shall comply with Table 315.10(A).
(B) Thickness of Insulation and Jacket for Nonshielded Insula- ted Conductors. Thickness of insulation and jacket for nonshielded solid dielectric insulated conductors rated 2001 volts to 5000 volts shall comply with Table 315.10(B).
70-202
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
315.10
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
Table 315.10(A) Conductor Application and Insulation Rated 2001 Volts and Higher
Trade Name
Type Letter
Maximum Operating Temperature
Application Provision
Insulation
Outer Covering
Medium voltage solid dielectric
MV-105*
105
Dry or wet locations
Thermoplastic or thermosetting
Jacket, sheath, or arnor
*Where design conditions require maximum conductor temperatures above 90°C.
(C) Thickness of Insulation for Shielded Insulated Conduc- tors. Thickness of insulation for shielded solid dielectric insu- lated conductors rated 2001 volts to 35,000 volts shall comply with Table 315.10(C) and 315.10(C) (1) through (C) (3).
(1) 100 Percent Insulation Level. Cables shall be permitted to be applied where the system is provided with relay protection such that ground faults will be cleared as rapidly as possible but, in any case, within I minute. These cables are applicable to
cable installations that are on grounded systems and shall be permitted to be used on other systems provided the above clearing requirements are met in completely de-energizing the faulted section.
(2) 133 Percent Insulation Level. Cables shall be permitted to be applied in situations where the clearing time requirements of the 100 percent level category cannot be met and the faulted section will be de-energized in a time not exceeding I hour.
Table 315.10(B) Thickness of Insulation and Jacket for Nonshielded Solid Dielectric Insulated Conductors Rated 2001 Volts to 5000 Volts
Dry Locations, Single Conductor
Wet or Dry Locations
Without Jacket Insulation
Insulation
Jacket
Insulation
Jacket
Multiconductor Insulation*
Conductor Size (AWG or kemil)
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
8
2.79
110
2.29
90
0.76
30
3.18
125
2.03
80
2.29
90
6
2.79
110
2.29
90
0.76
30
3.18
125
2.03
80
2.29
90
4-2
2.79
110
2.29
90
1.14
45
3.18
125
2.03
80
2.29
90
1-2/0
2.79
110
2.29
90
1.14
45
3.18
125
2.03
80
2.29
90
3/0-4/0
2.79
110
2.29
90
1.65
65
3.18
125
2.41
95
2.29
90
213-500
3.05
120
2.29
90
1.65
65
3.56
140
2.79
110
2.29
90
501-750
3.30
130
2.29
90
1.65
65
3.94
155
3.18
125
2.29
90
751-1000
3.30
130
2.29
90
1.65
65
3.94
155
3.18
125
2.29
90
1001-1250
3.56
140
2.92
115
1.65
65
4.32
170
3.56
140
2.92
115
1251-1500
3.56
140
2.92
115
2.03
80
4.32
170
3.56
140
2.92
115
1501-2000
3.56
140
2.92
115
2.03
80
4.32
170
3.94
155
3.56
140
*Under a common overall covering such as a jacket, sheath, or armor.
Table 315.10(C) Thickness of Insulation for Shielded Solid Dielectric Insulated Conductors Rated 2001 Volts to 35,000 Volts
2001-5000 Volts
5001-8000 Volts
8001-15,000 Volts
15,001-25,000 Volts
100 Percent Insulation Level
100 Percent Insulation Level
133 Percent Insulation Level
173 Percent Insulation Level
100 Percent Insulation Level
133 Percent Insulation Level
173 Percent Insulation Level
100 Percent Insulation Level
133 Percent Insulation Level
173 Percent Insulation Level
Conductor Size (AWG or kcmil)
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
TDM
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
mm
mils
8
2.29
90
90
2.92
115
3.56
140
4.45
175
175
4.45
175
5.59
220
6.60
260
1
2.29
90
2.92
115
3.56
140
4.45
175
4.45
175
5.59
220
6.60
260
260
8.13 8.13
320 320
10.67 10.67
420
1/0-2000
2.29
90
2.92
115
3.56
140
4.45
175
4.45
175
5.59
220
6.60
260
133 Percent Insulation Level
173 Percent Insulation Level
mm
mils
mm
mils
mom
mils
mom
mils
mom
mils
mm
mils
1
7.11
280
8.76
345
11.30
445
1/0-2000
7.11
280
8.76
345
11.30
445
8.76
345
10.67
420
14.73
580
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-203
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
2
2.29
90
2.92
115
3.56
140
4.45
133 Percent Insulation Level
173 Percent Insulation Level
100 Percent Insulation Level
Conductor Size (AWG orkcmil)
100 Percent Insulation Level
25,001-28,000 Volts
28,001-35,000 Volts
6-4
2.29
6.60 6.60
260
420
With Jacket
Single Conductor
MV-90
90°
315.10
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
Cable shall be permitted to be used in 100 percent insulation level applications where the installation requires additional insulation.
(3) 173 Percent Insulation Level. Cables shall be permitted to be applied under all of the following conditions:
(1) In industrial establishments where the conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure only qualified persons service the installation
(2) Where the fault clearing time requirements of the 133 percent level category cannot be met
(3) Where an orderly shutdown is required to protect equip- ment and personnel
(4) Where the faulted section will be de-energized in an orderly shutdown
Cables shall be permitted to be used in 100 percent or 133 percent insulation level applications where the installation requires additional insulation.
Informational Note: See UL 1072, Medium-Voltage Power Cable, ANSI/ICEA S-93-639, American National Standard for 5-46kV Shiel- ded Power Cable for Use in the Transmission and Distribution of Electric Energy, and ICEA S-94-649 2013, Standard for Concentrir Neutral Cables Rated 5 through 46 kV for Medium Voltage Cables.
315.12 Conductors.
(A) Minimum Size of Conductors. The minimum size of conductors shall be as shown in Table 315.12(A), except as permitted elsewhere in this Code.
Table 315.12(A) Minimum Size of Conductors
Minimum Conductor Size (AWG)
Conductor Voltage Rating (Volts)
Copper, Aluminum, or Copper-Clad Aluminum
2001-5000
8
5001-8000
6
8001-15,000
2
15,001-28,000
1
28,001-35,000
1/0
(B) Conductor Material. Conductors shall be of aluminum, copper-clad aluminum, or copper unless otherwise specified.
(C) Stranded Conductors. Where installed in raccways, conductors not specifically permitted or required elsewhere in this Code to be solid shall be stranded.
315.14 Conductor Identification. Conductors that are inten- ded for use as ungrounded conductors, whether used as a single conductor or in multiconductor cables, shall be finished to be clearly distinguishable from grounded and grounding conductors. Distinguishing markings shall not conflict in any manner with the surface markings required by 315.16(B) (1). Branch-circuit ungrounded conductors shall be identified in accordance with 210.5(C). Feeders shall be identified in accordance with 215.12.
315.16 Marking for Type MV Cables and Conductors.
(A) Required Information for Type MV Cables and Conduc- tors. All conductors and cables shall be marked to indicate the following information, using the applicable method described in 315.16(B):
(1) The maximum rated voltage
(2) The proper type letter or letters for the type of wire or cable as specified elsewhere in this Code
(3) The manufacturer's name, trademark, or other distinctive marking by which the organization responsible for the product can be readily identified
(4) The AWG size or circular mil arca
Informational Note: See Chapter 9, Table 8, Conductor Proper- ties, for conductor area expressed in SI units for conductor sizes specified in AWG or circular mil area.
(B) Method of Marking for Type MV Cables and Conductors. One or more of the methods in 315.16(B) (1) through (B) (4) shall be used for marking of cable.
(1) Surface Marking. Cables shall be durably marked on the surface. The AWG size or circular mil arca shall be repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.). All other markings shall be repeated at intervals not exceeding 1.0 m (40 in.).
(2) Marker Tape. Metal-covered multiconductor cables shall employ a marker tape located within the cable and along its complete length.
(3) Tag Marking. Metal-covered, single-conductor cables shall be marked by means of a printed tag attached to the recl.
(4) Optional Marking of Wire Size. The information required in 315.16(A)(4) shall be permitted to be marked on the surface of the individual insulated conductors for multiconduc- tor Type MC cable.
(C) Optional Markings. Cables shall be permitted to be marked to indicate special characteristics of the cable materi- als, such as limited smoke and sunlight resistance.
315.17 Marking for Type MV Cable Joints and Terminations.
(A) Required Information for Type MV Cable Joints, Termina- tions, and Connectors. All Type MV cable joints, cable termina- tions, and connectors shall be marked to indicate the following information, using one or more of the methods described in 315.17(B)(1)or (B) (2), and shall be permitted to be optionally marked as described in 315.17(C):
(1) The maximum rated voltage.
(2) The proper type letter or letters for the type of wire or cable as specified elsewhere in this Code that the cable joint or cable terminations is listed for use with.
(3) The manufacturer's name, trademark, or other distinctive marking by which the organizations responsible for the product can be readily identified.
(4) The conductor AWG size or circular mil arca size, or range of sizes, that the cable joint or cable terminations is listed for use with.
(5) The cable outer diameter size, or size range, that the cable joint or cable termination is listed for use with.
(6) Connectors shall be marked with the following informa- tion; the marking shall also be on the unit container (the smallest container in which the connector is packaged):
a. The manufacturer's name, trademark, or other distinctive marking by which the organization respon- sible for the product can be readily identified
b. The manufacturer's catalog number
c. The conductor AWG size or circular mil use range, and dic number if applicable
d. The type of conductor material(s) the connector is for use with
70-204
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS 315.32
(B) Method of Marking for Type MV Cable Joints, Termina- tions, and Connectors. One or both of the methods in 315.17(B) (1) or (B)(2) shall be used for the marking of cable joints, terminations, or connectors.
(1) Surface Marking. Typc MV cable joints, terminations, or connectors shall be durably marked on the surface.
(2) Tag Marking. Typc MV cable joints, terminations, or connectors shall be marked by means of a durably printed tag or label attached to joint or termination.
(C) Optional Markings. Type MV cable joints and cable termi- nations shall be permitted to be marked to indicate special characteristics, such as limited smoke and sunlight resistance.
Part III. Installation
315.30 Installation. A qualified person(s) with documented training and experience shall perform the installation and test- ing of Type MV cable. A qualified person(s) with documented training and experience in the installation of Type MV cable joints shall perform the installation of Type MV cable joints. A qualified person(s) with documented training and experience in the installation of Type MV cable terminations shall perform the installation of Type MV cable terminations.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/NECA/NCSCB 600-2020, Standard for Installing and Maintaining Medium-Voltage Cable, and IEEE 576, Recommended Practice for Installation, Termination, and Testing of Insulated Power Cables as Used in Industrial and Commer- cial Applications, for information about accepted industry practi- ces and installation procedures for medium-voltage cable.
Informational Note No. 2: Where medium-voltage cable is used for de circuits, low frequency polarization can create hazardous voltages. When handling the cable these voltages could be present or could develop on dc stressed cable while the circuit is energized. Solidly grounding the cable prior to contacting, cutting or disconnecting cables in dc circuits is a method to discharge these voltages.
315.32 Uses Permitted.
(A) Type MV Cable. Typc MV cable shall be permitted for use on power systems rated up to and including 35,000 volts, nomi- nal, as follows:
(1) In wet or dry locations.
(2) In raccways.
(3) In cable trays, where identified for the use, in accordance with 392.10, 392.20(B), (C), and (D), 392.22(C), 392.30(B)(1), 392.46, 392.56, and 392.60. Typc MV cable that has an overall metallic sheath or armor, complics with the requirements for Type MC cable, and is identi- ficd as "MV or MC" shall be permitted to be installed in cable trays in accordance with 392.10(B) (2).
(4) In messenger-supported wiring in accordance with Part II of Article 396.
(5) As exposed runs in accordance with 305.3. Type MV cable that has an overall metallic sheath or armor, complics with the requirements for Type MC cable, and is identi- ficd as "MV or MC" shall be permitted to be installed as exposed runs of metal-clad cable in accordance with 305.3.
(6) Corrosive conditions where exposed to oils, greases, vapors, gases, fumes, liquids, or other substances having a deleterious effect on the conductor or insulation shall be of a type suitable for the application.
(7) Conductors in parallel in accordance with 310.10(G).
(8) Type MV cable used where exposed to direct sunlight shall be identified for the use.
(9) Direct buried in accordance with 315.36.
(B) Type MV Cable Joints and Terminations. Typc MV cable joints and terminations shall be permitted for use on power systems rated up to and including 35,000 volts, nominal, as follows:
(1) Typc MV cable joints and terminations, used where exposed to direct sunlight, shall be identified for the use. Direct buried.
(2)
(3) Where used intermittently or continuously submerged in water at a depth not exceeding 7 m (23 ft) typc MV cable joints and terminations shall be identified for the usc.
(4) The environmental operating temperature range shall be identified.
(5) Where used in one or more of the following conditions Type .VV cable joints and terminations shall be identified for the use:
a. Underground chambers
b. Tunnels
c. Conduits
d. Manholes
c. Vaults
(6) Corrosive conditions where exposed to oils, greases, vapors, gases, fumes, liquids, or other substances having a : deleterious effect on the joint or termination shall be of a type suitable for the application.
(7) In cable trays, where identified for use, in accordance with 392.10, 392.20(B), (C) and (D), 392.22(C), 392.30(B) (1), 392.46, 392.56, and 392.60.
Informational Note No. 1: The "uses permitted" is not an all- inclusive list.
Informational Note No. 2: See IEEE-404, IEEE Standard for Extru- ded and Laminated Dielectric Shielded Cable Joints Rated 2.5kV to 500kV, for more information on cable joints. Cable joints are often referred to as splices. However, the terin splice includes many other applications not included in the definition of a cable joint.
Informational Note No. 3: See IEEE-48, IEEE Standard for Test Procedures and Requirements for Alternating Current Cable Termina- tions Used on Shielded Cables Having Laminated Insulation Rated 2.5 kV through 765 kV or Extruded Insulation Rated 2.5 kV through 500 kV, for information on terminations. Type MV cable termina- tions include terminations used to connect directly to equip- mentor insulators.
Informational Note No. 4: See IEEE-386, IEEE Standard for Sepa- rable Insulated Connector Systems for Power Distribution Systems Rated 2.5kV through 35 kV, and IEEE-1215, IEEE Guide for the Application of Separable Insulated Connectors, for more information on separa- ble insulated connectors. Type MV cable terminations also include separable insulated connectors, which are a type of pluggable cable termination and can be used for connection to equipment, such as switchgear or transformers. A separable connector has a matching interface that the separable connec- tor plugs into on the equipment, such as switchgear or trans- formers. Separable connectors can also be ganged together to form a distribution junction using specialized junction brackets.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-205
315.36
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
315.36 Direct-Burial Conductors. Type MV conductors and cables used for direct burial applications shall be shielded, identified for such usc, and installed in accordance with 305.15.
Exception No. 1: Nonshielded multiconductor cables rated 2001 volts to 2400 volts shall be permitted if the cable has an overall metallic sheath or armor.
The metallic shield, sheath, or armor shall be connected to a grounding electrode conductor, a grounding busbar, or a grounding electrode.
Exception No. 2: Airfield lighting cable used in series circuits that are rated up to 5000 volts and are powered by regulators shall be permitted to be nonshielded.
Informational Note to Exception No. 2: Federal Aviation Admin- istration (FAA) Advisory Circulars (ACs) provide additional practices and methods for airport lighting.
315.40 Support. Type MV cable terminated in equipment or installed in pull boxes or vaults shall be secured and supported by metallic or nonmetallic supports suitable to withstand the weight by cable tics listed and identified for securement and support, or other approved means, at intervals not exceeding 1.5 m (5 ft) from terminations or a maximum of 1.8 m (6 ft) between supports.
315.44 Shielding. Nonshielded, ozonc-resistant insulated conductors with a maximum phasc-to-phase voltage of 5000 volts shall be permitted in Type MC cables in industrial establishments where the conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation. For other establishments, solid dielectric insulated conductors operated above 2000 volts in permanent installa- tions shall have ozone-resistant insulation and shall be shicl- ded. All metallic insulation shields shall be connected to a grounding electrode conductor, a grounding busbar, an cquip- ment grounding conductor, or a grounding electrode. Equip- ment grounding conductors installed with circuits using medium voltage cables shall be sized according to 250.190(C).
Informational Note: The primary purposes of shielding are to confine the voltage stresses to the insulation, dissipate insulation leakage current, and drain off the capacitive charging current.
Exception No. 1: Nonshielded insulated conductors listed by a qualified testing laboratory shall be permitted for use up to 2400 volts under the following conditions:
(1) Conductors shall have insulation resistant to electric discharge and surface tracking, or the insulated conductor(s) shall be covered with a material resistant to ozone, electric discharge, and surface tracking.
(2) Where used in wet locations, the insulated conductor(s) shall have an overall nonmetallic jacket or a continuous metallic sheath.
(3) Insulation and jacket thicknesses shall be in accordance with Table 315.10(B).
Exception No. 2: Nonshielded insulated conductors listed by a qualified testing laboratory shall be permitted for use up to 5000 volts to replace existing nonshielded conductors, on existing equipment in industrial establishments only, under the following conditions:
(1) Where the condition of maintenance and supervision ensures that only qualified personnel install and service the installation.
(2) Conductors shall have insulation resistant to electric discharge and surface tracking, or the insulated conductor(s) shall be
covered with a material resistant to ozone, electric discharge, and surface tracking.
(3) Where used in wet locations, the insulated conductor(s) shall have an overall nonmetallic jacket or a continuous metallic sheath.
(4) Insulation and jacket thicknesses shall be in accordance with Table 315.10(B).
Informational Note: Relocation or replacement of equipment may not comply with the terin existing as related to this excep- tion.
Exception No. 3: Where permitted in 315.36, Exception No. 2.
315.45 Shielding at Type MV Cable Joints and Terminations. Type MV cable joints and terminations shall be provided with means to connect the metallic insulation shield to ground if required.
Part IV. Ampacities
315.60 Ampacities of Conductors.
(A) General.
(1) Tables or Engineering Supervision. Ampacitics for solid dielectric-insulated conductors shall be permitted to be deter- mined by tables or'under engineering supervision, as provided in 315.60(B) and (C).
The ampacity of Type MV cable installed in cable tray shall be determined in accordance with 392.80(B).
(2) Selection of Ampacity. Where more than one calculated or tabulated ampacity could apply for a given circuit length, the lowest value shall be used.
Exception: Where different ampacities apply to portions of a circuit, the higher ampacity shall be permitted to be used af the total portion(s) of the circuit with the lower ampacity does not exceed the lesser of 3.0 m (10 ft) or 10 percent of the total circuit.
Informational Note: See 110.40 for conductor temperature limi- tations due to termination provisions.
(B) Engineering Supervision. Under engineering supervision, conductor ampacities shall be permitted to be calculated by using the following general equation:
[315.60(B)]
I = T .- (T.+AT2) x103 amperes
R4 (1+Y.)R.
where: T, = conductor temperature () T., = ambient temperature ()
AT2 = dielectric loss temperature rise
R1 = de resistance of conductor at temperature, T,
Y, = component ac resistance resulting from skin effect and proximity effect
Ra = effective thermal resistance between conductor and surrounding ambient
Informational Note: The dielectric loss temperature rise (AT) is negligible for single circuit extruded dielectric cables rated below 46 kV.
70-206
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL. CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
315.60
(C) Tables. Ampacitics for conductors rated 2001 volts to 35,000 volts shall be as specified in Table 315.60(C) (1) through Table 315.60(C) (20). Ampacitics for ambient temperatures other than those specified in the ampacity tables shall be corrected in accordance with 315.60(D) (4).
Informational Note No. 1: See IEEE 835, Standard Power Cable Amparity Tables, and the references therein for availability of all factors and constants for ampacities calculated in accordance with 315.60(A).
Informational Note No. 2: See 210.19, Informational Note, for voltage drop on branch circuits that this section does not take into consideration. See 215.2(A)(2), Infonnational Note No. 2, for voltage drop on feeders that this section does not take into consideration.
(D) Ampacity Adjustment.
(1) Grounded Shields. Ampacities shown in Table 315.60(C) (3), Table 315.60(C) (4), Table 315.60(C) (15), and Table 315.60(C) (16) shall apply for cables with shields grounded at one point only. Where shields for these cables are grounded at more than one point, ampacities shall be adjusted to take into consideration the heating due to shield currents.
Informational Note: Tables other than those listed contain the ampacity of cables with shields grounded at multiple points.
Table 315.60(C)(1) Ampacities of Insulated Single Copper Conductor Cables Triplexed in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor Size (AWG or kcmil)
90 (194ºF) Type MV-90
105° (221°F) Type MV-105
90° (194°F) Type MV-90
105° (221°F) Type MV-105
8
65
74
6
90
99
100
110
4
120
130
130
140
2
160
175
170
195
1
185
205
195
225
1/0
215
240
225
255
2/0
250
275
260
295
3/0
290
320
300
340
4/0
335
375
345
390
250
375
415
380
430
350
465
515
470
525
500
580
645
580
650
750
750
835
730
820
1000
880
980
850
950
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40° (104ºF).
Table 315.60(C)(2) Ampacities of Insulated Single Aluminum Conductor Cables Triplexed in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor Size (AWG or kcmil)
90° (194ºF) Type MV-90
105° (221°F) Type MV-105
90 (194°F) Type MV-90
105° (221°F) Type MV-105
8
50
57
6
70
77
75
84
4
90
100
100
110
2
125
135
130
150
1
145
160
150
175
1/0
170
185
175
200
2/0
195
215
200
230
3/0
225
250
230
265
4/0
265
290
270
305
250
295
325
300
335
350
365
405
370
415
500
460
510
460
515
750
600
665
590
660
1000
715
800
700
780
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and $15.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40 (104ºF).
(2) Burial Depth. Where the burial depth of direct burial or electrical duct bank circuits is modified from the values shown in a figure or table, ampacitics shall be permitted to be modi- ficd as indicated in 315.60(D)(2) (a) and (D) (2) (b). No ampac- ity adjustments shall be required where the burial depth is decreased.
(a) Where burial depths are increased in part(s) of an clectrical duct run, a decrease in ampacity of the conductors shall not be required, provided the total length of parts of the duct run increased in depth is less than 25 percent of the total run length.
(b) Where burial depths are deeper than shown in a specific underground ampacity table or figure, an ampacity derating factor of 6 percent per 300 mm (I ft) increase in depth for all values of rho shall be permitted.
(3) Electrical Ducts Entering Equipment Enclosures. At loca- tions where electrical ducts enter equipment enclosures from underground, spacing between such ducts, as shown in Figure 315.60(D)(3), shall be permitted to be reduced without requir- ing the ampacity of conductors therein to be reduced.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-207
315.60
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
Table 315.60(C)(3) Ampacities of Insulated Single Copper Conductor Isolated in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001- 15,000 Volts Ampacity
15,001- 35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
90 105
90° 105
90 105
Size
(194°F) (221°F) (194°F) (221°F) (194°F) (221°F)
(AWG or kcmil)
Type
Type
Type
Type
Type
Type
MV-90 MV-105
MV-90 MV-105
MV-90 MV-105
8
83
93
6
110
120
110
125
4
145
160
150
165
2
190
215
195
215
1
225
250
225
250
225
250
1/0
260
290
260
290
260
290
2/0
300
330
300
335
300
330
3/0
345
385
345
385
345
380
4/0
400
445
400
445
395
445
250
445
495
445
495
440
490
350
550
615
550
610
545
605
500
695
775
685
765
680
755
750
900
1000
885
990
870
970
1000
1075
1200
1060
1185
1040
1160
1250
1230
1370
1210
1350
1185
1320
1500
1365
1525
1345
1500
1315
1465
1750
1495
1665
1470
1640
1430
1595
2000
1605
1790
1575
1755
1535
1710
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40 (104ºF).
(4) Ambient Temperature Correction. Ampacitics for ambient temperatures other than those specified in the ampacity tables shall be corrected in accordance with Table 315.60(D) (4) or shall be permitted to be calculated using the following cqua- tion:
[315.60(D)(4)]
I'=I
T,-T. VT .- T.
where:
I' = ampacity corrected for ambient temperature I = ampacity shown in the table for T, and T.
T, = temperature rating of conductor ()
T.' = new ambient temperature ()
T., = ambient temperature used in the table ()
Informational Note: See 110.40 for ambient temperature adjust- ments for terminals.
Table 315.60(C)(4) Ampacities of Insulated Single Aluminum Conductor Isolated in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001- 15,000 Volts Ampacity
15,001- 35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor Size (AWG or kcmil)
Type
Type
Type
Type
Type
Type
MV-90 MV-105
MV-90 MV-105
MV-90 MV-105
8
64
71
6
85
95
87
97
4
115
125
115
130
2
150
165
150
170
1
175
195
175
195
175
195
1/0
200
225
200
225
200
225
2/0
230
260
235
260
230
260
3/0
270
300
270
300
270
300
4/0
310
350
310
350
310
345
250
345
385
345
385
345
380
350
430
480
430
480
430
475
500
545
605
535
600
530
590
750
710
790
700
780
685
765
1000
855
950
840
940
825
920
1250
980
1095
970
1080
950
1055
1500
1105
1230
1085
1215
1060
1180
1750
1215
1355
1195
1335
1165
1300
2000
1320
1475
1295
1445
1265
1410
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40 (104ºF).
(E) Ampacity in Air. Ampacitics for conductors and cables in air shall be as specified in Table 315.60(C) (1) through Table 315.60(C) (10). Ampacitics shall be based on the following:
(1) Conductor temperatures of 90 (194°F) and 105 (221°F)
(2) Ambient air temperature of 40 (104ºF)
Informational Note: See 315.60(D) (4) where the ambient air temperature is other than 40 (104°F).
(F) Ampacity in Underground Electrical Ducts and Direct Buried in Earth. Ampacitics for conductors and cables in underground electrical ducts and direct buried in carth shall be as specified in Table 315.60(C) (11) through Table 315.60(C) (20). Ampacitics shall be based on the following:
(1) Ambient carth temperature of 20 (68ºF)
(2) Arrangement in accordance with Figure 315.60(D) (3)
(3) 100 percent load factor
(4) Thermal resistance (Rho) of90
(5) Conductor temperatures 90 (194ºF) and 105 (221°F)
(6) Minimum burial depths to the top electrical ducts or cables shall be in accordance with 305.15.
(7) Maximum depth to the top of electrical duct banks shall be 750 mm (30 in.), and maximum depth to the top of direct-buried cables shall be 900 mm (36 in.).
70-208
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
90 105°
90 105
90 105°
(194°F) (221°F) (194°F) (221°F) (194°F) (221°F)
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS 315.60
Table 315.60(C)(5) Ampacities of an Insulated Three-Conductor Copper Cable Isolated in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
Size
(AWG or kcmil)
90° (194ºF) Type MV-90
105° (221°F) Type
90° (194°F)
105° (221°F) Type
86421 6 4 1
59
66
88
93
105
105
115
120
135
140
154
165
185
160
180
185
210
1/0
185
205
215
240
2/0
215
240
245
275
3/0
250
280
285
315
4/0
285
320
325
360
250
320
355
360
400
350
395
440
435
490
500
485
545
535
600
750
615
685
670
745
1000
705
790
770
860
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40° (104ºF).
Table 315.60(C)(6) Ampacities of an Insulated Three-Conductor Aluminum Cable Isolated in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
90 (194°F)
105°
90
105° (221°F)
(AWG or kcmil)
Type MV-90
Type MV-105
Type MV-90
MV-105
8
46
51
-
6
61
68
72
80
4
81
90
95
105
2
110
120
125
145
1
125
140
145
165
1/0
145
160
170
185
2/0
170
185
190
215
3/0
195
215
220
245
4/0
225
250
255
285
250
250
280
280
315
350
310
345
345
385
500
385
430
425
475
750
495
550
540
600
1000
585
650
635
705
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40° (104ºF).
Table 315.60(C)(7) Ampacities of an Insulated Triplexed or Three Single-Conductor Copper Cables in Isolated Conduit in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor Size (AWG or kcmil)
90° (194°F) Type MV-90
105° (221°F) Type MV-105
90° (194ºF) Type MV-90
105° (221°F) Type MV-105
8
55
61
-
-
6
75
84
83
93
4
97
110
110
120
2
130
145
150
165
1
155
175
170
190
1/0
180
200
195
215
2/0
205
225
225
255
3/0
240
270
260
290
4/0
280
305
295
330
250
315
355
330
365
350
385
430
395
440
500
475
530
480
535
750
600
665
585
655
1000
690
770
675
755
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40° (104ºF).
Table 315.60(C)(8) Ampacities of an Insulated Triplexed or Three Single-Conductor Aluminum Cables in Isolated Conduit in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor Size (AWG or kcmil)
90° (194ºF) Type MV-90
105 (221°F) Type MV-105
90° (194°F) Type MV-90
MV-105
8
43
48
6
58
65
65
72
4
76
85
84
94
2
100
115
115
130
1
120
135
130
150
1/0
140
155
150
170
2/0
160
175
175
200
3/0
190
210
200
225
4/0
215
240
230
260
250
250
280
255
290
350
305
340
310
350
500
380
425
385
430
750
490
545
485
540
1000
580
645
565
640
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40° (104ºF).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-209
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
..
Size
(221°F)
(194°F)
Type
105° (221°F)
Type
79
MV-105
Type MV-90
MV-105
315.60
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
Table 315.60(C)(9) Ampacities of an Insulated Three-Conductor Copper Cable in Isolated Conduit in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
Size
90°
105° (221°F) Type
90° (194°F)
105° (221°F)
(AWG or kcmil)
(194°F) Type MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
8
52
58
83
92
4
91
100
105
120
2
125
135
145
165
I
140
155
165
185
1/0
165
185
195
215
2/0
190
210
220
245
3/0
220
245
250
280
4/0
255
285
290
320
250
280
315
315
350
350
350
390
385
430
500
425
475
470
525
750
525
585
570
635
1000
590
660
650
725
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40 (104ºF).
Table 315.60(C)(10) Ampacities of an Insulated Three-Conductor Aluminum Cable in Isolated Conduit in Air
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
105°
90°
105
Size
90°
53
59
64
71
71
79
84
94
96
105
115
125
110
125
130
145
1/0
130
145
150
170
2/0
150
165
170
190
3/0
170
190
195
220
4/0
200
225
225
255
250
220
245
250
280
350
275
305
305
340
500
340
380
380
425
750
430
480
470
520
1000
505
560
550
615
Note: Refer to 315.60(E) for the basis of ampacities, 315.10(A) for conductor maximum operating temperature and application, and 315.60(D) (4) for the ampacity correction factors where the ambient air temperature is other than 40 (104ºF).
Table 315.60(C) (11) Ampacities of Three Single-Insulated Copper Conductors in Underground Electrical Ducts (Three Conductors per Electrical Duct)
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
90
105°
90
105°
Size
(194°F)
(221°F)
(194°F)
(221°F)
(AWG
Type
Type
Type
Type
or kemil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 1.]
8 86421
170
180
175
185
1/0
195
210
200
215
2/0
220
235
230
245
3/0
250
270
260
275
4/0
290
310
295
315
250
320
345
325
345
350
385
415
390
415
500
470
505
465
500
750
585
630
565
610
1000
670
720
640
690
Three Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 2.]
86421
56
60
-
-
73
79
77
83
1/0
160
175
165
175
2/0
185
195
185
200
3/0
210
225
210
225
4/0
235
255
240
255
250
260
280
260
280
350
315
335
310
330
500
375
405
370
395
750
460
495
440
475
1000
525
565
495
535
Six Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 3.]
86421
48
52
-
-
62
67
64
68
80
86
82
88
105
110
105
115
115
125
120
125
1/0
135
145
135
145
2/0
150
160
150
165
3/0
170
185
170
185
4/0
195
210
190
205
250
210
225
210
225
350
250
270
245
265
500
300
325
290
310
750
365
395
350
375
1000
410
445
390
415
6
85
92
90
97
110
120
115
125
145
155
155
165
95
100
99
105
125
130
130
135
(AWG
(194°F)
(221°F) Type
Type
Type
or kcmil)
Type MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
8 86421 6 4 I
41
46
-
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
70-210
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Type
Type
6
69
77
64
69
145
155
140
150
(194°F)
(221°F)
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS 315.60
Table 315.60(C)(12) Ampacities of Three Single-Insulated Aluminum Conductors in Underground Electrical Ducts (Three Conductors per Electrical Duct)
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
90
105
90
105°
Size
(194°F)
(221°F)
(194°F)
(221°F)
(AWG
Type
Type
Type
Type
or kcmil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 1.]
8
50
54
160
155
165
2/0
170
185
175
190
3/0
195
210
200
215
4/0
225
245
230
245
250
250
270
250
270
350
305
325
305
330
500
370
400
370
400
750
470
505
455
490
1000
545
590
525
565
Three Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 2.]
86421
1/0
125
135
125
140
2/0
145
155
145
155
3/0
160
175
165
175
4/0
185
200
185
200
250
205
220
200
220
350
245
265
245
260
500
295
320
290
315
750
370
395
355
385
1000
425
460
405
440
Six Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 3.]
86421 8 6
38
41
-
-
48
52
50
54
62
67
64
69
80
86
80
88
91
98
90
99
1/0
105
110
105
110
2/0
115
125
115
125
3/0
135
145
130
145
4/0
150
165
150
160
250
165
180
165
175
350
195
210
195
210
500
240
255
230
250
750
290
315
280
305
1000
335
360
320
345
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
Table 315.60(C)(13) Ampacities of Three Insulated Copper Conductors Cabled Within an Overall Covering (Three-Conductor Cable) in Underground Electrical Ducts (One Cable per Electrical Duct)
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
90
105
90
105
Size
(194ºF)
(221°F)
(194°F)
(221°F)
(AWG
Type
Type
Type
Type
or kemil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 1.]
86421 8 6 4 1
155
165
170
185
1/0
175
190
195
210
2/0
200
220
220
235
3/0
230
250
250
270
4/0
265
285
285
305
250
290
315
310
335
350
355
380
375
400
500
430
460
450
485
750
530
570
545
585
1000
600
645
615
660
Three Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 2.]
8 86421 6
135
145
140
155
1/0
150
165
160
175
2/0
170
185
185
195
3/0
195
210
205
220
4/0
225
240
230
250
250
245
265
255
270
350
295
315
305
325
500
355
380
360
385
750
430
465
430
465
1000
485
520
485
515
Six Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 3.]
86421 8 6
46
50
60
65
63
68
77
83
81
87
98
105
105
110
110
120
115
125
1/0
125
135
130
145
2/0
145
155
150
160
3/0
165
175
170
180
4/0
185
200
190
200
250
200
220
205
220
350
240
270
245
275
500
290
310
290
305
750
350
375
340
365
1000
390
420
380
405
57
61
60
65
74
80
77
83
89
96
97
105
96
105
100
105
110
120
70
75
86
93
91
98
115
125
120
130
100
110
115
125
135
145
150
160
59
64
78
84
88
95
86421 6
130
140
135
145
1/0
150
44
47
53
57
-
69
74
75
81
115
125
125
135
110
120
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-211
66
315.60
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
Table 315.60(C)(14) Ampacities of Three Insulated Aluminum Conductors Cabled Within an Overall Covering (Three-Conductor Cable) in Underground Electrical Ducts (One Cable per Electrical Duct)
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
90
105°
90
105°
Size
(194°F)
(221°F)
(194ºF)
(221°F)
(AWG
Type
Type
Type
Type
or kcmil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 1.]
8
46
50
6
61
66
69
74
4
80
86
89
96
105
110
115
125
1
120
130
135
145
1/0
140
150
150
165
2/0
160
170
170
185
3/0
180
195
195
210
4/0
205
220
220
240
250
230
245
245
265
350
280
310
295
315
500
340
365
355
385
750
425
460
440
475
1000
495
535
510
545
Three Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 2.]
41
44
58
59
64
70
75
75
81
90
97
100
105
105
110
110
120
1/0
120
125
125
135
2/0
135
145
140
155
3/0
155
165
160
175
4/0
175
185
180
195
250
190
205
200
215
350
230
250
240
255
500
280
300
285
305
750
345
375
350
375
1000
400
430
400
430
Six Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 3.]
8
36
39
-
6
46
50
49
53
60
65
63
68
77
83
80
86
1
87
94
90
98
1/0
99
105
105
110
2/0
110
120
115
125
3/0
130
140
130
140
4/0
145
155
150
160
250
160
170
160
170
350
190
205
190
205
500
230
245
230
245
750
280
305
275
295
1000
320
345
315
335
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
Table 315.60(C)(15) Ampacities of Single Insulated Copper Conductors Directly Buried in Earth
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor Size
(194ºF)
(221°F)
(194ºF)
(221°F)
(AWG
Type
Type
Type
Type
or kcmil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit, Three Conductors [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 9.]
8
110
115
86421 4 1
260
280
240
260
1/0
295
320
275
293
2/0
335
365
310
335
3/0
385
415
355
380
4/0
435
465
405
435
250
470
510
440
475
350
570
615
535
575
500
690
745
650
700
750
845
910
805
865
1000
980
1055
930
1005
Two Circuits, Six Conductors [See Figure 315.60(D) (3), Detail 10.]
8
100
110
6
130
140
120
130
4
165
180
160
170
-
2
215
230
195
210
.
I
240
260
225
240
1/0
275
295
255
275
2/0
310
335
290
315
3/0
355
380
330
355
4/0
400
430
375
405
250
435
470
410
440
350
520
560
495
530
500
630
680
600
645
750
775
835
740
795
1000
890
960
855
920
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
70-212
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
90°
105°
90
105
6
140
150
130
140
180
195
170
180
230
250
210
225
8 86421 6
54
ARTICLE 315 - MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS 315.60
Table 315.60(C)(16) Ampacities of Single Insulated Aluminum Conductors Directly Buried in Earth
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
90°
105°
90°
105°
Size
(194°F)
(221°F)
(194ºF)
(221°F)
(AWG
Type
Type
Type
Type
or kcmil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit, Three Conductors [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 9.]
8
85
90
-
-
6
110
115
100
110
4
140
150
130
140
2
180
195
165
175
1
205
220
185
200
1/0
230
250
215
230
2/0
265
285
245
260
3/0
300
320
275
295
4/0
340
365
315
340
250
370
395
345
370
350
445
480
415
450
500
540
580
510
545
750
665
720
635
680
1000
780
840
740
795
Two Circuits, Six Conductors [See Figure 315.60(D) (3), Detail 10.]
8 86421 6 
80
85
-
100
130
140
123
130
2
165
180
155
165
190
200
175
190
1/0
215
230
200
215
2/0
245
260
225
245
3/0
275
293
255
275
4/0
310
335
290
315
250
340
365
320
345
350
410
440
385
415
500
495
330
470
505
750
610
655
580
625
1000
710
765
680
730
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
Table 315.60(C)(17) Ampacities of Three Insulated Copper Conductors Cabled Within an Overall Covering (Three-Conductor Cable), Directly Buried in Earth
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
90
105°
90°
105°
Conductor Size
(194°F) Type
Type
Type
Type
(AWG or kcmil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 5.]
86421 8
85
89
6
105
115
115
120
135
150
145
155
2
180
190
185
200
1
200
215
210
225
1/0
230
245
240
255
2/0
260
280
270
290
3/0
295
320
305
330
4/0
335
360
350
375
250
365
395
380
410
350
440
475
460
495
500
530
570
550
590
750
650
700
665
720
1000
730
785
750
810
Two Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 6.]
86421 6 1
185
200
195
210
1/0
215
230
220
235
2/0
240
260
250
270
3/0
275
295
280
305
4/0
310
335
320
345
250
340
365
350
375
350
410
440
420
450
500
490
525
500
535
750
595
640
605
650
1000
665
715
675
730
80
84
100
105
105
115
130
140
135
145
165
180
170
185
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-213
(221°F)
(194°F)
(221°F)
100
110
95
315.60
ARTICLE 315 - MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
Table 315.60(C)(18) Ampacities of Three Insulated Aluminum Conductors Cabled Within an Overall Covering (Three-Conductor Cable), Directly Buried in Earth
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor
90°
105°
90°
105°
Size
(194°F)
(221°F)
(194°F)
(221°F)
(AWG
Type
Type
Type
Type
or kemil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 5.]
86421 8 6 1
1/0
180
190
185
200
2/0
205
220
210
225
3/0
230
250
240
260
4/0
260
280
270
295
250
285
310
300
320
350
345
375
360
390
500
420
450
435
470
750
520
560
540
580
1000
600
650
620
665
Two Circuits [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 6.]
8
85
90
6
110
115
105
115
4
140
150
140
150
2
180
195
175
190
1
205
220
200
215
1/0
235
250
225
240
2/0
265
285
255
275
3/0
300
320
290
315
4/0
340
365
325
350
250
370
395
355
380
350
445
480
425
455
500
535
575
510
545
750
650
700
615
660
1000
740
795
690
745
750
480
515
485
525
1000
550
590
560
600
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
Table 315.60(C)(19) Ampacities of Three Triplexed Single Insulated Copper Conductors Directly Buried in Earth
Temperature Rating of Conductor
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
Conductor Size
90°
105°
90°
105°
(AWG
Type
Type
Type
Type
or kemil)
MV-90
MV-105
MV-90
MV-105
One Circuit, Three Conductors |See Figure 315.60(D) (3), Detail 7.]
8
90
95
6
120
130
115
120
4
150
165
150
160
2
195
205
190
205
1
225
240
215
230
1/0
255
270
245
260
2/0
290
310
275
295
3/0
330
360
315
340
4/0
375
405
360
385
250
410
445
390
410
350
490
580
470
505
500
590
635
565
605
750
725
780
685
740
1000
825
885
770
830
6
75
83
80
95
100
110
105
115
130
140
135
145
145
155
150
165
1/0
165
180
170
185
2/0
190
205
195
210
3/0
215
230
220
240
4/0
245
260
250
270
250
265
285
275
295
350
320
345
330
355
500
385
415
395
425
140
150
145
155
155
170
165
175
65
70
80
88
90
95
105
115
115
125
(194ºF)
(221°F)
(194°F)
(221°F)
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
70-214
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Two Circuits, Six Conductors |See Figure 315.60(D) (3), Detail 8.]
60
66
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS 315.60
Table 315.60(C)(20) Ampacities of Three Triplexed Single Insulated Aluminum Conductors Directly Buried in Earth
Temperature Rating of Conductor
Conductor Size (AWG or kemil)
2001-5000 Volts Ampacity
5001-35,000 Volts Ampacity
90° (194°F) Type MV-90
105° (221°F) Type MV-105
90° (194ºF) Type MV-90
105° (221°F)
Type MV-105
One Circuit, Three Conductors [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 7.]
86421 2 1
70
75
-
90
100
90
95
120
130
115
125
155
165
145
155
175
190
165
175
1/0
200
210
190
205
2/0
225
240
215
230
3/0
255
275
245
265
4/0
290
310
280
305
250
320
350
305
325
350
385
420
370
400
500
465
500
445
480
750
580
625
550
590
1000
670
725
635
680
Two Circuits, Six Conductors [See Figure 315.60(D)(3), Detail 8.]
65
70
-
85
95
85
90
110
120
105
115
140
150
135
145
1
160
170
155
170
1/0
180
195
175
190
2/0
205
220
200
215
3/0
235
250
225
245
4/0
265
285
255
275
250
290
310
280
300
350
350
375
335
360
500
420
455
405
435
750
520
560
485
525
1000
600
645
565
605
Note: Refer to 315.60(F) for basis of ampacities and Table 315.10(A) for the temperature rating of the conductor.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-215
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
315.60
ARTICLE 315 -MEDIUM VOLTAGE CONDUCTORS, CABLE, CABLE JOINTS, AND CABLE TERMINATIONS
D
Detail 1 290 mm x 290 mm (11.5 in. x 11.5 in.) Electrical duct bank One electrical duct
A
(7.5 in.) (7.5 in.)
B
190 mm (7.5 in.)
Detail 2 475 mm x 475 mm (19 in. x 19 in.) Electrical duct bank Three electrical ducts or
Detail 3 475 mm x 675 mm (19 in. x 27 in.) Electrical duct bank Six electrical ducts or
190 mm 190 mm (7.5 in.) (7.5 in.)
675 mm × 290 mm (27 in. x 11.5 in.) Electrical duct bank Three electrical ducts
190 mm (7.5 in.)
0
190 mm 190 mm (7.5 in.) (7.5in.)
675 mm x 475 mm (27 in. x 19 in.) Electrical duct bank Six electrical ducts
600 mm (24 in.)
600 mm (24 in.)
Detail 5 Buried 3 conductor cable
Detail 6 Buried 3 conductor cables
Detail 7 Buried triplexed cables (1 circuit)
Detail 8 Buried triplexed cables (2 circuits)
190 mm 190 mm (7.5 in.) (7.5 in.)
190 mm 190 mm (7.5 in.) (7.5 in.)
190 mm 190 mm (7.5 in.) (7.5 in.)
600 mm (24 in.)
Detail 9 Buried single-conductor cables (1 circuit)
Detail 10 Buried single-conductor cables (2 circuits)
Legend
Note: Minimum burial depths to top electrical ducts or cables shall be in accordance with 300.50. Maximum depth to the top of electrical duct banks shall be 750 mm (30 in.) and maximum depth to the top of direct-buried cables shall be 900 mm (36 in.).
Backfill (earth or concrete)
Electrical duct
Cable or cables
FIGURE 315.60(D)(3) Cable Installation Dimensions for Use with Table 315.60(C) (11) Through Table 315.60(C)(20).
70-216
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
A
190 mm (7.5 in.)
190 mm 190 mm
190 mm (7.5 in.)
320.24
ARTICLE 320 - ARMORED CABLE: TYPE AC
Table 315.60(D)(4) Ambient Temperature Correction Factors
For ambient temperatures other than 40 (104ºF), multiply the allowable ampacities specified in the ampacity tables by the appropriate factor shown below.
Ambient Temperature ()
Temperature Rating of Conductor
90°
105°
Ambient Temperature (*F)
10 or less
1.26
1.21
50 or less
11-15
1.22
1.18
51-59
16-20
1.18
1.14
60-68
21-25
1.14
1.11
69-77
26-30
1.10
1.07
78-86
31-35
1.05
1.04
87-95
36-40
1.00
1.00
96-104
41-45
0.95
0.96
105-113
46-50
0.89
0.92
114-122
51-55
0.84
0.88
123-131
56-60
0.77
0.83
132-140
61-65
0.71
0.78
141-149
66-70
0.63
0.73
150-158
71-75
0.55
0.68
159-167
76-80
0.45
0.62
168-176
81-85
0.32
0.55
177-185
86-90
0.48
186-194
91-95
0.39
195-203
96-100
0.28
204-212
ARTICLE 320 Armored Cable: Type AC
Part I. General
320.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for armored cable, Type AC.
320.6 Listing Requirements. Typc AC cable . and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
320.10 Uses Permitted. Typc AC cable shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For feeders and branch circuits in both exposed and concealed installations
(2) In cable trays
(3) In dry locations
(4) Embedded in plaster finish on brick or other masonry, except in damp or wet locations
(5) To be run or fished in the air voids of masonry block or tile walls where such walls are not exposed or subject to excessive moisture or dampness
Infonnational Note: The "Uses Pennitted" is not an all-inclusive list.
320.12 Uses Not Permitted. Typc AC cable shall not be used as follows:
(1) Where subject to physical damage
(2) In damp or wet locations
(3) In air voids of masonry block or tile walls where such walls are exposed or subject to excessive moisture or dampness
(4) Where exposed to corrosive conditions
(5) Embedded in plaster finish on brick or other masonry in damp or wet locations
320.15 Exposed Work. Exposed runs of cable, except as provi- ded in 300.11(B), shall closely follow the surface of the build- ing finish or of running boards. Exposed runs shall also be permitted to be installed on the underside of joists where supported at cach joist and located so as not to be subject to physical damage.
320.17 Through or Parallel to Framing Members. Typc AC cable shall be protected in accordance with 300.4(A), (C), and (D) where installed through or parallel to framing members.
320.23 In Accessible Attics. Typc AC cables in accessible attics or roof spaces shall be installed as specified in 320.23(A) and (B).
(A) Cables Run Across the Top of Framing Members. Where run across the top of framing members, or across the face of rafters or studding within 2.1 m (7 ft) of the floor or horizontal surface, the cable shall be protected by guard strips that are at least as high as the cable. Where this space is not accessible by permanently installed stairs or ladders, protection shall only be required within 1.8 m (6 ft) of the nearest edge of the scuttle hole or attic entrance.
(B) Cable Installed Parallel to Framing Members. Where the cable is installed parallel to the sides of rafters, studs, or ceiling or floor joists, neither guard strips nor running boards shall be required, and the installation shall also comply with 300.4(D).
320.24 Bending Radius. Bends in Type AC cable shall be made such that the cable is not damaged. The radius of the curve of the inner edge of any bend shall not be less than five times the diameter of the Type AC cable.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-217
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
320.30
ARTICLE 322 - FLAT CABLE ASSEMBLIES: TYPE FC
320.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) General. Typc AC cable shall be supported and secured by staples; cable tics listed and identified for securement and support; straps, hangers, or similar fittings; or other approved means designed and installed so as not to damage the cable.
Type AC cable fittings shall be permitted as a means of cable support.
(B) Securing. Unless otherwise permitted, Type AC cable shall be secured within 300 mm (12 in.) of every outlet box, junction box, cabinet, or fitting and at intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (41/g ft).
(C) Supporting. Unless otherwise permitted, Type AC cable shall be supported at intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (41/g ft).
Horizontal runs of Type AC cable installed in wooden or metal framing members or similar supporting means shall be considered supported and secured where such support docs not exceed 1.4 m (41/2 ft) intervals.
(D) Unsupported Cables. Typc AC cable shall be permitted to be unsupported and unsecured where the cable complies with any of the following:
(1) Is fished between access points through concealed spaces in finished buildings or structures and supporting is impracticable
(2) Is not more than 600 mm (2 ft) in length at terminals where flexibility is necessary
(3) Is not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) in length from the last point of cable support to the point of connection to a lumin- aire(s) or other electrical equipment and the cable and point of connection are within an accessible ceiling
320.40 Boxes and Fittings. At all points where the armor of AC cable terminates, a fitting shall be provided to protect wires from abrasion, unless the design of the outlet boxes or fittings is such as to afford equivalent protection, and, in addition, an insulating bushing or its equivalent protection shall be provi- ded between the conductors and the armor. The connector or clamp by which the Type AC cable is fastened to boxes or cabi- nets shall be of such design that the insulating bushing or its cquivalent will be visible for inspection. Where change is made from Type AC cable to other cable or raceway wiring methods, a box, fitting, or conduit body shall be installed at junction points as required in 300.15.
320.80 Ampacity. The ampacity shall be determined in accord- ance with 310.14.
(A) Thermal Insulation. Armored cable installed in thermal insulation shall have conductors rated at 90 (194°F). Thc ampacity of cable installed in these applications shall not exceed that of a 60° (140°F) rated conductor. The 90 (194°F) rating shall be permitted to be used for ampacity adjustment and correction calculations; however, the ampacity shall not exceed that of a 60 (140°F) rated conductor.
Where more than two Type AC cables containing two or more current-carrying conductors in cach cable are installed in contact with thermal insulation, caulk, or scaling foam without maintaining spacing between cables, the ampacity of cach conductor shall be adjusted in accordance with Table 310.15(C)(1).
(B) Cable Tray. The ampacity of Type AC cable installed in cable tray shall be determined in accordance with 392.80(A).
Part III. Construction Specifications
320.100 Construction. Typc AC cable shall have an armor of flexible metal tape and shall have an internal bonding strip of copper or aluminum in intimate contact with the armor for its entire length.
320.104 Conductors. Insulated conductors shall be of a type listed in Table 310.4(1) or those identified for use in this cable. In addition, the conductors shall have an overall moisture- resistant and fire-retardant fibrous covering. For Type ACT, a moisture-resistant fibrous covering shall be required only on the individual conductors.
320.108 Equipment Grounding Conductor. Typc AC cable shall provide an adequate path for fault current as required by 250.4(A)(5) or (B)(4) to act as an cquipment grounding conductor.
320.120 Marking. The cable shall be marked in accordance with 310.8, except that Type AC shall have ready identification of the manufacturer by distinctive external markings on the cable armor throughout its entire length.
ARTICLE 322 Flat Cable Assemblies: Type FC
Part I. General
322.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for flat cable assemblies, Type FC.
322.6 Listing Requirements. Typc FC and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
322.10 Uses Permitted. Flat cable assemblies shall be permit- ted only as follows:
(1) As branch circuits to supply suitable tap devices for light- ing, small appliances, or small power loads. The rating of the branch circuit shall not exceed 30 amperes.
(2) Where installed for exposed work.
(3) In locations where they will not be subjected to physical damage. Where a flat cable assembly is installed less than 2.5 m (8 ft) above the floor or fixed working platform, it shall be protected by a cover identified for the use.
(4) In surface metal raceways identified for the use. The channel portion of the surface metal raceway systems shall be installed as complete systems before the flat cable assemblies are pulled into the raceways.
322.12 Uses Not Permitted. Flat cable assemblies shall not be used as follows:
(1) Where exposed to corrosive conditions, unless suitable for the application
(2) In hoistways or on elevators or escalators
(3) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as specifi- cally permitted by other articles in this Code
(4) Outdoors or in wet or damp locations unless identified for the use
70-218
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
324.12
ARTICLE 324 - FLAT CONDUCTOR CABLE: TYPE FCC
322.30 Securing and Supporting. The flat cable assemblies shall be supported by means of their special design features, within the surface metal raceways.
The surface metal raceways shall be supported as required for the specific raceway to be installed.
322.40 Boxes and Fittings.
(A) Dead Ends. Each flat cable assembly dead end shall be terminated in an end-cap device identified for the use.
The dead-end fitting for the enclosing surface metal raceway shall be identified for the usc.
(B) Luminaire Hangers. Luminaire hangers installed with the flat cable assemblies shall be identified for the use.
(C) Fittings. Fittings to be installed with flat cable assemblies shall be designed and installed to prevent physical damage to the cable assemblies.
(D) Extensions. All extensions from flat cable assemblies shall be made by approved wiring methods, within the junction boxes, installed at either end of the flat cable assembly runs.
322.56 Splices and Taps.
(A) Splices. Splices shall be made in listed junction boxes.
(B) Taps. Taps shall be made between any phase conductor and the grounded conductor or any other phase conductor by means of devices and fittings identified for the use. Tap devices shall be rated at not less than 15 amperes, or more than 300 volts to ground, and shall be marked in accordance with 322.120(C).
Part III. Construction Specifications
322.100 Construction. Flat cable assemblies shall consist of two, three, four, or five conductors.
322.104 Conductors. Flat cable assemblies shall have conduc- tors of 10 AWG special stranded copper wires.
322.112 Insulation. The entire flat cable assembly shall bc formed to provide a suitable insulation covering all the conduc- tors and using one of the materials recognized in Table 310.4(1) for general branch-circuit wiring.
322.120 Marking.
(A) Temperature Rating. In addition to the provisions of 310.8, Typc FC cable shall have the temperature rating durably marked on the surface at intervals not exceeding 600 mm (24 in.).
(B) Identification of Grounded Conductor. The grounded conductor shall be identified throughout its length by means of a distinctive and durable white or gray marking.
Informational Note: The color gray may have been used in the past as an ungrounded conductor. Care should be taken when working on existing systems.
(C) Terminal Block Identification. Terminal blocks identified for the use shall have distinctive and durable markings for color or word coding. The grounded conductor section shall have a white marking or other suitable designation. The next adjacent section of the terminal block shall have a black mark- ing or other suitable designation. The next section shall have a
red marking or other suitable designation. The final or outer section, opposite the grounded conductor section of the termi- nal block, shall have a blue marking or other suitable designa- tion.
ARTICLE 324 Flat Conductor Cable: Type FCC
Part I. General
324.1 Scope. This article covers a field-installed wiring system for branch circuits incorporating Type FCC cable and associ- ated accessories as defined by the article. The wiring system is designed for installation under carpet squares.
324.6 Listing Requirements. Typc FCC cable and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
324.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) Branch Circuits. Use of FCC systems shall be permitted both for general-purpose and appliance branch circuits and for individual branch circuits.
(B) Branch-Circuit Ratings.
(1) Voltage. Voltage between ungrounded conductors shall not exceed 300 volts. Voltage between ungrounded conductors and the grounded conductor shall not exceed 150 volt.s.
(2) Current. General-purpose and appliance branch circuits shall have ratings not exceeding 20 amperes. Individual branch circuits shall have ratings not exceeding 30 amperes.
(C) Floors. Use of FCC systems shall be permitted on hard, sound, smooth, continuous floor surfaces made of concrete, ceramic, or composition flooring, wood, and similar materials.
(D) Walls. Use of FCC systems shall be permitted on wall surfa- ces in surface metal raceways.
(E) Damp Locations. Use of FCC systems in damp locations shall be permitted.
(F) Heated Floors. Materials used for floors heated in excess of 30 (86°F) shall be identified as suitable for use at these temperatures.
(G) System Height. Any portion of an FCC system with a height above floor level exceeding 2.3 mm (0.090 in.) shall bc tapered or feathered at the edges to floor level.
324.12 Uses Not Permitted. FCC systems shall not be used in the following locations:
(1) Outdoors orin wet locations
(2) Where subject to corrosive vapors
(3) In any hazardous (classified) location
(4) In residential buildings
(5) In school and hospital buildings, other than administra- tive office arcas
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-219
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 324 - FLAT CONDUCTOR CABLE: TYPE FCC
324.18
324.18 Crossings. Crossings of more than two Type FCC cable runs shall not be permitted at any one point. Crossings of a Type FCC cable over or under a flat communications or signal cable shall be permitted. In cach case, a grounded layer of metal shielding shall separate the two cables, and crossings of more than two flat cables shall not be permitted at any one point.
324.30 Securing and Supporting. All FCC system components shall be firmly anchored to the floor or wall using an adhesive or mechanical anchoring system identified for this usc. Floors shall be prepared to ensure adherence of the FCC system to the floor until the carpet squares are placed.
324.40 Boxes and Fittings.
(A) Cable Connections and Insulating Ends. All Typc FCC cable connections shall use connectors identified for their use, installed such that electrical continuity, insulation, and scaling against dampness and liquid spillage are provided. All barc cable ends shall be insulated and scaled against dampness and liquid spillage using listed insulating ends.
(B) Polarization of Connections. All receptacles and connec- tions shall be constructed and installed so as to maintain proper polarization of the system.
(C) Shields.
(1) Top Shield. A metal top shield shall be installed over all floor-mounted Type FCC cable, connectors, and insulating cnds. The top shield shall completely cover all cable runs, corners, connectors, and ends.
(2) Bottom Shield. A bottom shield shall be installed bencath all Typc FCC cable, connectors, and insulating ends.
(D) Connection to Other Systems. Power feed, grounding connection, and shield system connection between the FCC system and other wiring systems shall be accomplished in a transition assembly identified for this usc.
(E) Metal-Shield Connectors. Metal shields shall be connected to cach other and to boxes, receptacle housings, self-contained devices, and transition assemblies using metal-shield connec- tors.
324.41 Floor Coverings. Floor-mounted Type FCC cable, cable connectors, and insulating ends shall be covered with carpet squares not larger than 1.0 m (39.37 in.) square. Carpet squares that are adhered to the floor shall be attached with release-type adhesives.
324.42 Devices.
(A) Receptacles. All receptacles, receptacle housings, and self- contained devices used with the FCC system shall be identified for this use and shall be connected to the Type FCC cable and metal shields. Connection from any equipment grounding conductor of the Type FCC cable shall be made to the shield system at cach receptacle.
(B) Receptacles and Housings. Receptacle housings and self- contained devices designed cither for floor mounting or for in- wall or on-wall mounting shall be permitted for use with the FCC system. Receptacle housings and self-contained devices shall incorporate means for facilitating entry and termination of Type FCC cable and for electrically connecting the housing or device with the metal shield. Receptacles and self-contained devices shall comply with 406.4. Power and communications
outlets installed together in common housing shall be permit- ted in accordance with 800.133(A) (3), Exception No. 2.
324.56 Splices and Taps.
(A) FCC Systems Alterations. Alterations to FCC systems shall be permitted. New cable connectors shall be used at new connection points to make alterations. It shall be permitted to leave unused cable runs and associated cable connectors in place and energized. All cable ends shall be covered with insu- lating ends.
(B) Transition Assemblies. All transition assemblies shall be identified for their use. Each assembly shall incorporate means for facilitating entry of the Type FCC cable into the assembly, for connecting the Type FCC cable to grounded conductors, and for electrically connecting the assembly to the metal cable shields and to equipment grounding conductors.
324.60 Grounding and Bonding. All metal shields, boxes, receptacle housings, and self-contained devices shall be electri- cally continuous to the equipment grounding conductor of the supplying branch circuit. All such electrical connections shall be made with connectors identified for this usc. The electrical resistivity of such shield system shall not be more than that of one conductor of the Type FCC cable used in the installation.
Part III. Construction Specifications
324.100 Construction.
(A) Type FCC Cable. Typc FCC cable shall be listed for use with the FCC system and shall consist of three, four, or five flat copper conductors, one of which shall be an equipment grounding conductor.
(B) Shields.
(1) Materials and Dimensions. All top and bottom shields shall be of designs and materials identified for their use. Top shields shall be metal. Both metallic and nonmetallic materials shall be permitted for bottom shields.
(2) Resistivity. Metal shields shall have cross-sectional arcas that provide for electrical resistivity of not more than that of one conductor of the Type FCC cable used in the installation.
324.101 Corrosion Resistance. Mctal components of the system shall be cither corrosion resistant, coated with corrosion-resistant materials, or insulated from contact with corrosive substances.
324.112 Insulation. The insulating material of the cable shall be moisture resistant and flame retardant. All insulating mate- rials in the FCC systems shall be identified for their usc.
324.120 Markings.
(A) Cable Marking. Type FCC cable shall be clearly and dura- bly marked on both sides at intervals of not more than 610 mm (24 in.) with the information required by 310.8(A) and with the following additional information:
(1) Material of conductors
(2) Maximum temperature rating
(3) Ampacity
(B) Conductor Identification. Conductors shall be clearly and durably identified on both sides throughout their length as specified in 310.6.
70-220
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
330.6
ARTICLE 330 - METAL-CLAD CABLE: TYPE MC
ARTICLE 326 Integrated Gas Spacer Cable: Type IGS
Part I. General
326.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for integrated gas spacer cable, Type IGS.
Part II. Installation
326.10 Uses Permitted. Typc IGS cable shall be permitted for usc underground, including direct burial in the carth, as the following:
(1) Service-entrance conductors
(2) Feeder or branch-circuit conductors
(3) Service conductors, underground
326.12 Uses Not Permitted. Type IGS cable shall not be used as interior wiring or be exposed in contact with buildings.
326.24 Bending Radius. Where the coilable nonmetallic conduit and cable are bent for installation purposes or arc flexed or bent during shipment or installation, the radius of the curve of the inner edge measured to the inside of the bend shall not be less than specified in Table 326.24.
326.26 Bends. A run of Type IGS cable between pull boxes or terminations shall not contain more than the equivalent of four quarter bends (360 degrees total), including those bends located immediately at the pull box or terminations.
326.40 Fittings. Terminations and splices for Type IGS cable shall be identified as a type that is suitable for maintaining the gas pressure within the conduit. A valve and cap shall be provi- ded for cach length of the cable and conduit to check the gas pressure or to inject gas into the conduit.
326.80 Ampacity. The ampacity of Type IGS cable shall not exceed the values shown in Table 326.80.
Table 326.24 Minimum Radii of Bends
Conduit Size
Minimum Radii
Metric Designator
Trade Size
mm
in.
53
600
24
78
234
900
35
103
1150
45
Table 326.80 Ampacity of Type IGS Cable
Size (kcmil)
Amperes
Size (kcmil)
Amperes
250
119
2500
376
500
168
3000
412
750
206
3250
429
1000
238
3500
445
1250
266
3750
461
1500
292
4000
476
1750
315
4250
491
2000
336
4500
505
2250
357
4750
519
Part III. Construction Specifications
326.104 Conductors. The conductors shall be solid aluminum rods, laid parallel, consisting of one to nineteen 12.7 mm ('/s in.) diameter rods. The minimum conductor size shall be 250 kcmil, and the maximum size shall be 4750 kcmil.
326.112 Insulation. The insulation shall be dry kraft paper tapes and a pressurized sulfur hexafluoride gas (SF6), both approved for electrical usc. The nominal gas pressure shall be 138 kPa gauge (20 lb/in.2 gauge). The thickness of the paper spacer shall be ass pecificd in Table 326.112.
Table 326.112 Paper Spacer Thickness
Thickness
Size (kcmil)
mm
in.
250-1000
1.02
0.040
1250-4750
1.52
0.060
326.116 Conduit. The conduit shall be a medium density poly- cthylene identified as suitable for use with natural gas rated pipe in metric designator 53, 78, or 103 (trade size 2, 3, or 4). The percent fill dimensions for the conduit are shown in Table 326.116.
The size of the conduit permitted for cach conductor size shall be calculated for a percent fill not to exceed those found in Table I, Chapter 9.
Table 326.116 Conduit Dimensions
Conduit Size
Actual Outside Diameter
Actual Inside Diameter
Metric Designator
Trade Size
mm
in.
mm
in.
53
2
60
2.375
49.46
1.947
78
3
89
3.500
73.30
2.886
103
4
1 14
4.500
94.23
3.710
326.120 Marking. The cable shall be marked in accordance with 310.8(A), (B) (1), and (D).
ARTICLE 330 Metal-Clad Cable: Type MC
Part I. General
330.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications of metal-clad cable, Type MC.
330.6 Listing Requirements. Typc MC cable shall be listed. Fittings used for connecting Type MC cable to boxes, cabinets, or other equipment shall be listed and identified for such usc.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-221
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
330.10
ARTICLE 330 - METAL-CLAD CABLE: TYPE MC
Part II. Installation 330.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) General Uses. Typc MC cable shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For services, feeders, and branch circuits.
(2) For power, lighting, control, and signal circuits.
(3) Indoors or outdoors.
(4) Exposed or concealed.
(5) To be direct buried where identified for such usc.
(6) In cable tray where identified for such usc.
(7) In any raccway.
(8) As acrial cable on a messenger.
(9) In hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by other articles in this Code.
(10) In dry locations and embedded in plaster finish on brick or other masonry except in damp or wet locations.
(11) In damp or wet locations where a corrosion-resistant jacket is provided over the metallic covering and any of the following conditions are met:
a. The metallic covering is impervious to moisturc.
b. A jacket resistant to moisture is provided under the metal covering.
c. The insulated conductors under the metallic cover- ing are listed for use in wet locations.
(12) Where single-conductor cables are used, all phase conductors and, where used, the grounded conductor shall be grouped together to minimize induced voltage on the sheath.
(B) Specific Uses. Typc MC cable shall be permitted to be installed in compliance with Parts II and III of Article 725 and 770.133 as applicable and in accordance with 330.10(B)(1) through (B) (4).
Informational Note: The "Uses Perinitted" is not an all-inclusive list.
(1) Cable Tray. Typc MC cable installed in cable tray shall comply with 392.10, 392.12, 392.18, 392.20, 392.22, 392.30, 392.46, 392.56, 392.60(C), and 392.80.
(2) Direct Buried. Direct-buried cable shall comply with 300.5 or 305.15, as appropriate.
(3) Installed as Service-Entrance Cable. Typc MC cable installed as service-entrance cable shall be permitted in accord- ance with 230.43.
(4) Installed Outside of Buildings or Structures or as Aerial Cable. Typc MC cable installed outside of buildings or struc- turcs or as acrial cable shall comply with 225.10, 396.10, and 396.12.
330.12 Uses Not Permitted. Typc MC cable shall not be used under cither of the following conditions:
(1) Where subject to physical damage
(2) Where exposed to any of the destructive corrosive condi- tions in (a) or (b), unless the metallic sheath or armor is resistant to the conditions or is protected by material resistant to the conditions:
a. Direct buried in the carth or embedded in concrete unless identified for direct burial
b. Exposed to cinder fills, strong chlorides, caustic alka- lis, or vapors of chlorine or of hydrochloric acids
330.15 Exposed Work. Exposed runs of cable, except as provi- ded in 300.11(B), shall closely follow the surface of the build- ing finish or of running boards. Exposed runs shall also be permitted to be installed on the underside of joists where supported at cach joist and located so as not to be subject to physical damage.
330.17 Through or Parallel to Framing Members. Typc MC cable shall be protected in accordance with 300.4(A), (C), and (D) where installed through or parallel to framing members.
330.23 In Accessible Attics. The installation of Type MC cable in accessible attics or roof spaces shall also comply with 320.23.
330.24 Bending Radius. Bends in Type MC cable shall be so made that the cable will not be damaged. The radius of the curve of the inner edge of any bend shall not be less than required in 330.24(A) through (C).
(A) Smooth Sheath.
(1) Ten times the external diameter of the metallic sheath for cable not more than 19 mm (3/4 in.) in external diameter
(2) Twelve times the external diameter of the metallic sheath for cable more than 19 mm (3/4 in.) but not more than 38 mm (11/2 in.) in external diameter
(3) Fifteen times the external diameter of the metallic sheath for cable more than 38 mm (11/g in.) in external diameter
(B) Interlocked-Type Armor or Corrugated Sheath. Seven times the external diameter of the metallic sheath.
(C) Shielded Conductors. Twelve times the overall diameter of one of the individual conductors or seven times the overall diameter of the multiconductor cable, whichever is greater.
330.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) General. Typc MC cable shall be supported and secured by staples; cable tics listed and identified for securement and support; straps, hangers, or similar fittings; or other approved means designed and installed so as not to damage the cable.
Type MC cable fittings shall be permitted as a means of cable support.
(B) Securing. Unless otherwise permitted in this Code, cables shall be secured at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft). Cables containing four or fewer conductors sized no larger than 10 AWG shall be secured within 300 mm (12 in.) of every box, cabinet, fitting, or other cable termination. In vertical installa- tions, listed cables with ungrounded conductors 250 kcmil and larger shall be permitted to be secured at intervals not exceed- ing 3 m (10 ft).
(C) Supporting. Unless otherwise permitted in this Code, cables shall be supported at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft).
Horizontal runs of Type MC cable installed in wooden or metal framing members or similar supporting means shall be considered supported and secured where such support docs not exceed 1.8m (6ft) intervals.
(D) Unsupported Cables. Typc MC cable shall be permitted to be unsupported and unsecured where the cable complies with any of the following:
(1) Is fished between access points through concealed spaces in finished buildings or structures and supporting is impractical
70-222
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
332.10
ARTICLE 332 - MINERAL-INSULATED, METAL-SHEATHED CABLE: TYPE MI
(2) Is not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) in length from the last point of cable support to the point of connection to luminaires or other electrical equipment and the cable and point of connection are within an accessible ceiling
(3) Is Type MC of the interlocked armor type in lengths not exceeding 900 mm (3 ft) from the last point where it is securely fastened and is used to connect equipment where flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment or to provide flexibility for equipment that requires movement after installation
330.31 Single Conductors. Where single-conductor cables with a nonferrous armor or sheath are used, the installation shall comply with 300.20.
330.80 Ampacity. The ampacity of Type MC cable shall be determined in accordance with 310.14 or 315.60 for 14 AWG and larger conductors and in accordance with Table 402.5 for 18 AWG and 16 AWG conductors. The installation shall not exceed the temperature ratings of terminations and cquip- ment.
(A) Type MC Cable Installed in Cable Tray. The ampacities for Type MC cable installed in cable tray shall be determined in accordance with 392.80.
(B) Single Type MC Conductors Grouped Together. Where single Type MC conductors are grouped together in a triangu- lar or square configuration and installed on a messenger or exposed with a maintained free airspace of not less than 2.15 times one conductor diameter (2.15 x O.D.) of the largest conductor contained within the configuration and adjacent conductor configurations or cables, the ampacity of the conductors shall not exceed the allowable ampacities in the following tables:
(1) Table 310.20 for conductors rated 0 volts through 2000 volts
(2) Table 315.60(C) (1) and Table 315.60(C) (2) for conduc- tors rated over 2000 volts
(C) Thermal Insulation. Where more than , two Type MC cables containing two or more current-carrying conductors in cach cable are installed in contact with thermal insulation, caulk, or scaling foam without maintaining spacing between cables, the ampacity of cach conductor shall be adjusted in accordance with Table 310.15(C) (1).
Part III. Construction Specifications
330.104 Conductors. For ungrounded, grounded, and cquip- ment grounding conductors, the minimum conductor sizes shall be 14 AWG copper, nickel, or nickel-coated copper and 12 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
For control and signal conductors, minimum conductor sizes shall be 18 AWG copper, nickel, or nickel-coated copper, 14 AWG copper-clad aluminum, and 12 AWG aluminum.
330.108 Equipment Grounding Conductor. Where Type MC cable is used to provide an equipment grounding conductor, it shall comply with 250.118(A)(10) and 250.122.
330.112 Insulation. Insulated conductors shall comply with 330.112(A) or (B).
(A) 1000 Volts or Less. Insulated control and signal conduc- tors in sizes 18 AWG and 16 AWG shall be of a type listed in
Table 402.3, with a maximum operating temperature not less than 90 (194ºF) and as permitted by 724.49. Ungrounded, grounded, and equipment grounding conductors 16 AWG and larger shall be of a type listed in Table 310.4(1) or of a type identified for use in Type MC cable.
(B) Over 1000 Volts. Insulated conductors shall be of a type listed in Table 310.4(2) and Table 315.10(A).
330.116 Sheath. Metallic covering shall be one of the follow- ing types: smooth metallic sheath, corrugated metallic sheath, or interlocking metal tape armor. The metallic sheath shall be continuous and close fitting. A nonmagnetic sheath or armor shall be used on single conductor Type MC. Supplemental protection of an outer covering of corrosion-resistant material shall be permitted and shall be required where such protection is needed. The sheath shall not be used as a current-carrying conductor.
Informational Note: See 300.6 for protection against corrosion.
330.130 Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Where required to be marked MC-HL, the cable shall be listed and shall have a gas/vapor tight continuous corrugated metallic sheath, an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material, and a separate equipment grounding conductor.
ARTICLE 332 Mineral-Insulated, Metal-Sheathed Cable: Type MI
Part I. General
332.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for mincral-insulated, metal- shcathed cable, Type MI.
332.6 Listing Requirements. Typc MI cable and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
332.10 Uses Permitted. Typc MI cable shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For services, feeders, and branch circuits
(2) For power, lighting, control, and signal circuits
(3) In dry, wet, or continuously moist locations
(4) Indoors or outdoors
(5) Where exposed or concealed
(6) Where embedded in plaster, concrete, fill, or other masonry, whether above or below grade
(7) In hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by other articles in this Code
(8) Where exposed to oil and gasoline
(9) Where exposed to corrosive conditions not deteriorating to its sheath
(10) In underground runs where suitably protected against physical damage and corrosive conditions
(11) In or attached to cable tray
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-223
332.12
ARTICLE 334 - NONMETALLIC-SHEATHED CABLE: TYPES N.M AND NMC
Informational Note: The "Uses Periniuted" is not an all-inclusive list.
332.12 Uses Not Permitted. Typc MI cable shall not be used under the following conditions or in the following locations:
(1) In underground runs unless protected from physical damage, where necessary
(2) Where exposed to conditions that are destructive and corrosive to the metallic sheath, unless additional protec- tion is provided
332.17 Through or Parallel to Framing Members. Typc MI cable shall be protected in accordance with 300.4 where installed through or parallel to framing members.
332.24 Bending Radius. Bends in Type MI cable shall be so made that the cable will not be damaged. The radius of the inner edge of any bend shall not be less than required as follows:
(1) Five times the external diameter of the metallic sheath for cable not more than 19 mm (3/4 in.) in external diame- ter
(2) Ten times the external diameter of the metallic sheath for cable greater than 19 mm (34 in.) but not more than 25 mm (1 in.) in external diameter
332.30 Securing and Supporting. Typc MI cable shall be supported and secured by staples, straps, hangers, or similar fittings, designed and installed so as not to damage the cable, at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft).
(A) Horizontal Runs Through Holes and Notches. In other than vertical runs, cables installed in accordance with 300.4 shall be considered supported and secured where such support docs not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft) intervals.
(B) Unsupported Cable. Typc MI cable shall be permitted to be unsupported where the cable is fished between access points through concealed spaces in finished buildings or structures and supporting is impracticable.
(C) Cable Trays. All .VI cable installed in cable' trays shall comply with 392.30(A).
332.31 Single Conductors. Where single-conductor cables arc used, all phase conductors and, where used, the neutral conductor shall be grouped together to minimize induced volt- age on the sheath.
332.40 Boxes and Fittings.
(A) Fittings. Fittings used for connecting Type MI cable to boxes, cabinets, or other equipment shall be identified for such usc.
(B) Terminal Seals. Where Type VII cable terminates, an end scal fitting shall be installed immediately after stripping to prevent the entrance of moisture into the insulation. The conductors extending beyond the sheath shall be individually provided with an insulating material.
332.80 Ampacity. The ampacity of Type MI cable shall be determined in accordance with 310.14. The conductor temper- ature at the end scal fitting shall not exceed the temperature rating of the listed end scal fitting, and the installation shall not exceed the temperature ratings of terminations or cquip- ment.
(A) Type MI Cable Installed in Cable Tray. The ampacities for Type MI cable installed in cable tray shall be determined in accordance with 392.80(A).
(B) Single Type MI Conductors Grouped Together. Where single Type MI conductors are grouped together in a triangular or square configuration, as required by 332.31, and installed on a messenger or exposed with a maintained free air space of not less than 2.15 times one conductor diameter (2.15 x O.D.) of the largest conductor contained within the configuration and adjacent conductor configurations or cables, the ampacity of the conductors shall not exceed the allowable ampacities of Table 310.17.
Part III. Construction Specifications
332.104 Conductors. Typc .VII cable conductors shall be of solid copper, nickel, or nickel-coated copper with a resistance corresponding to standard AWG and kcmil sizes.
332.108 Equipment Grounding Conductor. Where the outer sheath is made of copper, it shall provide an adequate path to serve as an equipment grounding conductor. Where the outer sheath is made of steel, a separate equipment grounding conductor shall be provided.
332.112 Insulation. The conductor insulation in Type MI cable shall be a highly compressed refractory mineral that provides proper spacing for all conductors.
332.116 Sheath. The outer sheath shall be of a continuous construction to provide mechanical protection and moisture seal.
ARTICLE 334 Nonmetallic-Sheathed Cable: Types NM and NMC
Part I. General
334.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications of nonmetallic-shcathed cable.
334.6 Listing Requirements. Typc .NM and Type NMC cables and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
334.10 Uses Permitted. Typc NM and Type NMC cables shall be permitted to be used in the following, except as prohibited in 334.12:
(1) Onc- and two-family dwellings and their attached or detached garages, and their storage buildings.
(2) Multi-family dwellings and their detached garages permit- ted to be of Types III, IV, and V construction.
(3) Other structures permitted to be of Types III, IV, and V construction. Cables shall be concealed within walls, floors, or ceilings that provide a thermal barrier of mate- rial that has at least a 15-minute finish rating as identified in listings of fire-rated assemblies.
70-224
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
334.30
ARTICLE 334 - NONMETALLIC-SHEATHED CABLE: TYPES NM AND NMC
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 220-2021, Standard on Types of Building Construction, or the applicable building code, or both for types of building construction and occupancy classification definitions.
Informational Note No. 2: See Informative Annex E for determi- nation of building types.
(4) Cable trays in structures permitted to be Types III, IV, or V where the cables are identified for the usc.
Informational Note No. 3: See 310.14(A) (3) for temperature limitation of conductors.
(5) Types I and II construction where installed within race- ways permitted to be installed in Types I and II construc- tion.
(A) Type NM. Type NM cable shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For both exposed and concealed work in normally dry locations except as prohibited in 334.10(3)
(2) To be installed or fished in air voids in masonry block or tile walls
(B) Type NMC. Type NMC cable shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For both exposed and concealed work in dry, wet, damp, or corrosive locations, except as prohibited by 334.10(3)
(2) In outside and inside walls of masonry block or tile
(3) In a shallow chase in masonry, concrete, or adobe protec- ted against nails or screws by a steel plate at least 1.59 mm (Visi in.) thick and covered with plaster, adobe, or similar finish
334.12 Uses Not Permitted.
(A) Types NM and NMC. Types .NM and NMC cables shall not be permitted as follows:
(1) In any dwelling or structure not specifically permitted in 334.10(1), (2), (3), and (5)
(2) Exposed within a dropped or suspended ceiling cavity in other than one- and two-family and multifamily dwell- ings
(3) As service-entrance cable
(4) In commercial garages having hazardous (classified) locations as defined in 511.3
(5) In theaters and similar locations, except where permit- ted in 518.4(C)
(6) In motion picture studios
(7) In storage battery rooms .
(8) In hoistways or on elevators or escalators
(9) Embedded in poured cement, concrete, or aggregate
(10) In hazardous (classified) locations, except where specifi- cally permitted by other articles in this Code
(B) Type NM. Typc .NM cables shall not be used under the following conditions or in the following locations:
(1) Where exposed to corrosive fumes or vapors
(2) Where embedded in masonry, concrete, adobe, fill, or plaster
(3) In a shallow chase in masonry, concrete, or adobe and covered with plaster, adobe, or similar finish
(4) In wet or damp locations
334.15 Exposed Work. In exposed work, except as provided in 300.11(B), cable shall be installed as specified in 334.15(A) through (C).
(A) To Follow Surface. Cable shall closely follow the surface of the building finish or of running boards.
(B) Protection from Physical Damage. Cable shall be protec- ted from physical damage where necessary by rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, RTRC marked with the suffix -XW, or other approved means. Where passing through a floor, the cable shall be enclosed in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, RTRC marked with the suffix -XW, or other approved means extending at least 150 mm (6 in.) above the floor. Conduit or tubing shall be provided with a bushing or adapter that provides protection from abrasion at the point the cable enters and exits the raceway.
Type NMC cable installed in shallow chases or grooves in masonry, concrete, or adobe shall be protected in accordance with the requirements in 300.4(F) and covered with plaster, adobe, or similar finish.
(C) In Unfinished Basements and Crawl Spaces. Where cable is run at angles with joists in unfinished basements and crawl spaces, it shall be permissible to secure cables not smaller than two 6 AWG or three 8 AWG conductors directly to the lower edges of the joists. Smaller cables shall be run cither through bored holes in joists or on running boards. Nonmetallic- shcathed cable installed on the wall of an unfinished basement shall be permitted to be installed in a listed conduit or tubing or shall be protected in accordance with 300.4. Conduit or tubing shall be provided with a bushing or adapter that provides protection from abrasion at the point the cable enters and exits the raceway. The sheath of the nonmetallic-shcathed cable shall extend through the conduit or tubing and into the outlet, device, or junction box not less than 6 mm (1/4 in.). The cable shall be secured within 300 mm (12 in.) of the point where the cable enters the conduit or tubing. Metal conduit, tubing, and metal outlet boxes shall be connected to an equip- ment grounding conductor complying with 250.86 and 250.148.
334.17 Through or Parallel to Framing Members. Typcs .NM and NMC cable shall be protected in accordance with 300.4 where installed through or parallel to framing members. Grom- mets used as required in 300.4(B) (1) shall remain in place and be listed for the purpose of cable protection.
334.19 Cable Entries. The sheath on nonmetallic-shcathed cable shall extend not less than 6 mm (1/4 in.) beyond any cable clamp or cable entry.
334.23 In Accessible Attics. The installation of cable in accessi- ble attics or roof spaces shall also comply with 320.23.
334.24 Bending Radius. Bends in Types NM and NMC cable shall be so made that the cable will not be damaged. The radius of the curve of the inner edge of any bend during or after installation shall not be less than five times the diameter of the cable. For flat cables, the major diameter dimension of the cable shall be used to determine the bending radius.
334.30 Securing and Supporting. Nonmetallic-shcathed cable shall be supported and secured by staples, cable ties listed and identified for securement and support, or straps, hangers, or similar fittings designed and installed so as not to damage the cable, at intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (41/g ft) and within 300 mm (12 in.) of every cable entry into enclosures such as outlet boxes, junction boxes, cabinets, or fittings. The cable
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-225
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
334.30
ARTICLE 335 - INSTRUMENTATION TRAY CABLE: TYPE ITC
length between the cable entry and the closest cable support shall not exceed 450 mm (18 in.). Flat cables shall not be stapled on cdgc.
Sections of cable protected from physical damage by raceway shall not be required to be secured within the raceway.
(A) Horizontal Runs Through Holes and Notches. In other than vertical runs, cables installed in accordance with 300.4 shall be considered to be supported and secured where such support docs not exceed 1.4-m (41/-ft) intervals and the nonmetallic-shcathed cable is securely fastened in place by an approved means within 300 mm (12 in.) of cach box, cabinet, conduit body, or other nonmetallic-shcathed cable termina- tion.
Informational Note: See 314.17(B)(1) for support where nonmetallic boxes are used.
(B) Unsupported Cables. Nonmetallic-shcathed cable shall be permitted to be unsupported where the cable:
(1) Is fished between access points through concealed spaces in finished buildings or structures and supporting is impracticable.
(2) Is not more than 1.4 m (41/2 ft) from the last point of cable support to the point of connection to a luminaire or other piece of electrical equipment and the cable and point of connection are within an accessible ceiling in one-, two-, or multifamily dwellings.
(C) Wiring Device Without a Separate Outlet Box. A wiring device identified for the use, without a separate outlet box, and incorporating an integral cable clamp shall be permitted where the cable is secured in place at intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (41/2 ft) and within 300 mm (12 in.) from the wiring device wall opening, and there shall be at least a 300 mm (12 in.) loop of unbroken cable or 150 mm (6 in.) of a cable end available on the interior side of the finished wall to permit replacement.
334.40 Boxes and Fittings.
(A) Boxes of Insulating Material. Nonmetallic outlet boxes shall be permitted as provided by 314.3.
(B) Devices of Insulating Material. Self-contained switches, self-contained receptacles, and listed nonmetallic-shcathed cable interconnector devices of insulating material that are listed for use without a box shall be. permitted to be used with- out boxes in exposed or concealed installations. Openings in such devices shall forin a close fit around the outer covering of the cable, and the device shall fully enclose the part of the cable from which any part of the covering has been removed. Where connections to conductors are by binding-screw termi- nals, there shall be available as many terminals as conductors.
(C) Devices with Integral Enclosures. Wiring devices with inte- gral enclosures identified for such use shall be permitted as provided by 300.15(E).
334.80 Ampacity. The ampacity of Types NM and NMC cable shall be determined in accordance with 310.14. The ampacity shall not exceed that of a 60 (140°F) rated conductor. The 90 (194ºF) rating shall be permitted to be used for ampacity adjustment and correction calculations, provided the final calculated ampacity docs not exceed that of a 60 (140°F) rated conductor. The ampacity of Types NM and NMC cable installed in cable trays shall be determined in accordance with 392.80(A).
Where more than two NM cables containing two or more current-carrying conductors are installed, without maintaining spacing between the cables, through the same opening in wood framing that is to be scaled with thermal insulation, caulk, or scaling foam, the ampacity of cach conductor shall be adjusted in accordance with Table 310.15(C) (1) and 310.14(A) (2), Exception, shall not apply.
Where more than two NM cables containing two or more current-carrying conductors are installed in contact with ther- mal insulation without maintaining spacing between cables, the ampacity of cach conductor shall be adjusted in accordance with Table 310.15(C) (1) and 310.14(A) (2), Exception shall not apply.
Part III. Construction Specifications
334.100 Construction. The outer cable sheath of nonmetallic- shcathed cable shall be a nonmetallic material.
334.104 Conductors. The 600-volt insulated power conductors shall be sizes 14 AWG through 2 AWG copper conductors or sizes 12 AWG through 2 AWG aluminum or copper-clad alumi- num conductors. Control and signaling conductors shall be no smaller than 18 AWG copper.
334.108 Equipment Grounding Conductor. In addition to the insulated conductors, the cable shall have an insulated, covered, or bare equipment grounding conductor.
334.112 Insulation. The insulated power conductors shall be one of the types listed in Table 310.4(1) that are suitable for branch-circuit wiring or one that is identified for use in these cables. Conductor insulation shall be rated at 90 (194ºF).
Informational Note: Types NM and NMC cable identified by the markings NM-B and NMC-B meet this requirement.
334.116 Sheath. The outer sheath of nonmetallic-shcathed cable shall comply with 334.116(A) and (B).
(A) Type NM. The overall covering shall be flame retardant and moisture resistant.
(B) Type NMC. The overall covering shall be flame retardant, moisture resistant, fungus resistant, and corrosion resistant.
ARTICLE 335 Instrumentation Tray Cable: Type ITC
335.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications of instrumentation tray cable (Type ITC) for application to instrumentation and control circuits operating at 150 volts or less and 5 amperes or less.
335.3 Other Articles. In addition to the provisions of this arti- cle, installation of Type ITC cable shall comply with other applicable articles of this Code.
70-226
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
336.10
ARTICLE 336-POWER AND CONTROL TRAY CABLE: TYPE TC
335.4 Uses Permitted. Type ITC cable shall be permitted to be used as follows in industrial establishments where the condi- tions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only quali- fied persons service the installation:
(1) In cable trays.
(2) In raccways.
(3) In hazardous locations as permitted in 501.10, 502.10, 503.10, 504.20, 504.30, 504.80, and 505.15.
(4) Enclosed in a smooth metallic sheath, continuous corru- gated metallic sheath, or interlocking tape armor applied over the nonmetallic sheath in accordance with 335.6. The cable shall be supported and secured at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft).
(5) Cable, without a metallic sheath or armor, that complics with the crush and impact requirements of Type MC cable and is identified for such use with the marking ITC- ER shall be permitted to be installed exposed. The cable shall be continuously supported and protected against physical damage using mechanical protection such as dedicated struts, angles, or channels. The cable shall be secured at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft).
Exception to (5): Where not subject to physical damage, Type ITC-ER shall be permitted to transition between cable trays and between cable trays and utilization equipment or devices for a distanre not to exceed 1.8 m (6 ft) without continuous support. The cable shall be mechani- cally supported where exiting the cable tray to ensure that the minimum bending radius is not exceeded.
(6) As acrial cable on a messenger.
(7) Direct buried where identified for the usc.
(8) Under raised floors in rooms containing industrial proc- css control equipment and rack rooms where arranged to prevent damage to the cable.
(9) Under raised floors in information technology cquip- ment rooms in accordance with 645.5(E) (2).
335.5 Uses Not Permitted. Type ITC cable shall not be installed on circuits operating at more than 150 volts or more than 5 amperes.
Installation of Type ITC cable with other cables shall be subject to the stated requirements of the specific articles for the other cables. Where the governing articles do not contain stated requirements for installation with Type ITC cable, the installation of Type ITC cable with the other cables shall not be permitted.
Type ITC cable shall not be installed with power, lighting, Class 1 circuits that are not power limited, or non-power- limited circuits.
Exception No. 1: Where terminated within equipment or junction boxes and separations are maintained by insulating barriers or other means.
Exception No. 2: Where a metallic sheath or armor is applied over the nonmetallic sheath of the Type ITC cable.
335.6 Construction. The insulated conductors of Type ITC cable shall be in sizes 22 AWG through 12 AWG. The conductor material shall be copper or thermocouple alloy. Insulation on the conductors shall be rated for 300 volts. Shielding shall be permitted.
The cable shall be listed as being resistant to the spread of firc. The outer jacket shall be sunlight and moisture resistant.
Where a smooth metallic sheath, continuous corrugated metallic sheath, or interlocking tape armor is applied over the nonmetallic sheath, an overall nonmetallic jacket shall not be required.
Informational Note: One method of defining resistant to the spread of fire is that the cables do not spread fire to the top of the tray in the UL flame exposure, vertical tray flame test in ANSI/ UL 1685-2010, Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables. The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
Another method of defining resistant to the spread of fire is for the damage (char length) not to exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.) when performing the CSA vertical flame test - cables in cable trays, as described in CSA C22.2 No. 0.3-M-2001, Test Methods for Electri- cal Wires and Cables.
335.7 Marking. The cable shall be marked in accordance with 310.8(A)(2) through (A) (5). Voltage ratings shall not be marked on the cable.
335.8 Ampacity. The ampacity of the conductors shall be 5 amperes, except for 22 AWG conductors, which shall have an ampacity of 3 amperes.
335.9 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection shall not exceed 5 amperes for 20 AWG and larger conductors, and 3 amperes for 22 AWG conductors.
335.10 Bends. Bends in Type ITC cables shall be made so as not to damage the cable.
ARTICLE 336 Power and Control Tray Cable: Type TC
Part I. General
336.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for power and control tray cable, Type TC.
336.6 Listing Requirements. Type TC cables and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
336.10 Uses Permitted. Typc TC cable shall be permitted to be used as follows:
(1) For power, lighting, control, and signal circuits.
(2) In cable trays, including those with mechanically discon- tinuous segments up to 300 mm (1 ft).
(3) In raccways.
(4) In outdoor locations supported by a messenger wirc.
(5) For Class 1 circuits as permitted in Parts II and III of Article 725.
(6) For non-power-limited fire alarm circuits if conductors comply with the requirements of 760.49.
(7) Between a cable tray and the utilization equipment or device(s), provided all of the following apply:
a. The cable is Type TC-ER.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-227
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
336.12
ARTICLE 336 -POWER AND CONTROL TRAY CABLE: TYPE TC
b. The cable is installed in industrial establishments where the conditions of maintenance and supervi- sion ensure that only qualified persons service the installation.
c. The cable is continuously supported and protected against physical damage using mechanical protection such as struts, angles, or channels.
d. The cable complies with the crush and impact requirements of Type MC cable and is identified with the marking "TC-ER."
c. The cable is secured at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft).
f. Equipment grounding for the utilization equipment is provided by an equipment grounding conductor within the cable. In cables containing conductors sized 6 AWG or smaller, the equipment grounding conductor shall be provided within the cable or, at the time of installation, one or more insulated conductors shall be permanently identified as an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.119(C).
Exception to (7): Where not subject to physical damage, Type TC- ER shall be permitted to transition between cable trays and between cable trays and equipment or devices for a distance not to exceed 1.8 m (6 ft) without continuous support. The cable shall be mechanically supported where exiting the cable tray to ensure that the minimum bending radius is not exceeded.
(8) Type TC cable shall be resistant to moisture and corro- sive agents where installed in wet locations.
(9) For one- and two-family dwelling units, Type TC-ER-JP cable containing conductors for both power and control circuits shall be permitted for branch circuits and feed- crs. Type TC-ER-JP cable used as interior wiring shall be installed per the requirements of Part II of Article 334 and where installed as exterior wiring shall be installed per the requirements of Part II of Article 340.
Exception: Where used to connect a generator and associated equipment having terminals rated 75 (140°F) or higher, the cable shall not be limited in ampacity by 334.80 or 340.80.
Informational Note No. 1: See 725.136 for limitations on Class 2 or 3 circuits contained within the same cable with conductors of electric light, power, or Class 1 circuits.
(10) Direct buried, where identified for such usc.
(11) In hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by other articles in this Code.
(12) For service-entrance conductors where identified for such usc and marked Type TC-ER.
Informational Note No. 2: See 310.14(A)(3) for temperature limitation of conductors.
336.12 Uses Not Permitted. Typc TC tray cable shall not be installed or used as follows:
(1) Installed where it will be exposed to physical damage
(2) Installed outside a raceway or cable tray system, except as permitted in 336.10(4), 336.10(7), 336.10(9), and 336.10(10)
(3) Used where exposed to direct rays of the sun, unless iden- tified as sunlight resistant
336.24 Bending Radius. Bends in Type TC cable shall be made so as not to damage the cable. For Type TC cable without metal shielding, the minimum bending radius shall be as follows:
(1) Four times the overall diameter for cables 25 mm (1 in.) or less in diameter
(2) Five times the overall diameter for cables larger than 25 mm (1 in.) but not more than 50 mm (2 in.) in diamc- ter
(3) Six times the overall diameter for cables larger than 50 mm (2 in.) in diameter
Type TC cables with metallic shielding shall have a minimum bending radius of not less than 12 times the cable overall diam- cter.
336.80 Ampacity. The ampacity of Type TC tray cable shall be determined in accordance with 392.80(A) for 14 AWG and larger conductors, in accordance with 402.5 for 18 AWG through 16 AWG conductors where installed in cable trays, and in accordance with 310.14 where installed outside of cable trays, where permitted.
Part III. Construction Specifications
336.100 Construction. A metallic sheath or armor as defined in 330.116 shall not be permitted either under or over the nonmetallic jacket. Metallic shield(s) shall be permitted over groups of conductors, under the outer jacket, or both.
336.104 Conductors. For ungrounded, grounded, and equip- ment grounding conductors, the conductor sizes shall be 14 AWG through 1000 kcmil copper, nickel, or nickel-coated copper and 12 AWG through 1000 kcmil aluminum or copper- clad aluminum. Insulation types shall be one of the types listed in Table 310.4(1) or Table 310.4(2) that is suitable for branch circuit and feeder circuits or one that is identified for such usc.
For control and signal conductors, the minimum conductor sizes shall be 18 AWG copper, nickel, or nickel-coated copper, 14 AWG copper-clad aluminum, and 12 AWG aluminum.
(A) Fire Alarm Systems. Where used for fire alarm systems, conductors shall also be in accordance with 760.49.
(B) Thermocouple Circuits. Conductors in Type TC cable used for thermocouple circuits in accordance with Part III of Article 724 shall also be permitted to be any of the materials used for thermocouple extension wirc.
(C) Class 1 Circuit Conductors. Insulated conductors of 18 AWG and 16 AWG copper shall also be in accordance with 724.49.
336.116 Jacket. The outer jacket shall be a flame-retardant, nonmetallic material.
336.120 Marking. There shall be no voltage marking on a Type TC cable employing thermocouple extension wirc.
336.130 Hazardous (Classified) Location Cable. Cable listed and marked Type TC-ER-HL shall comply with the following:
(1) The overall nonmetallic jacket shall be suitable for the environment.
(2) The overall cable construction shall be essentially circular in cross-section.
(3) The overall nonmetallic jacket shall be continuous and gas/vapor tight.
(4) For construction greater than 25.4 mm (1 in.) in diame- ter, the following shall apply:
a. The equipment grounding conductor shall be barc.
70-228
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
338.10
ARTICLE 338 -SERVICE-ENTRANCE CABLE: TYPES SE AND USE
b. A metallic shield shall be included over all conductors under the outer jacket.
ARTICLE 337 Type P Cable
Part I. General
337.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for up through 2000 volt Type P cable (armored and unarmored).
337.6 Listing Requirements. Typc P cables and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
337.10 Uses Permitted. Typc P cable shall be permitted to be used:
(1) Under engineering supervision in industrial installations where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons monitor and service the system.
(2) In hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by other articles in this Code.
337.12 Uses Not Permitted. Typc P cable shall not be installed or used:
(1) Where it will be exposed to physical damage
(2) Where not specifically permitted by other articles in the Code
337.24 Bending Radius. The minimum bending radii during installations and handling in service shall be adequate to prevent damage to the cable.
337.30 Securing and Supporting. Type P cable shall be suppor- ted and secured by cable tics listed and identified for secure- ment and support; straps, hangers; or similar fittings; or other approved means designed and installed so as not to damage the cable.
337.31 Single Conductors. Where single-conductor cables are used, the installation shall comply with 300.20.
337.80 Ampacity. The ampacity of Type P cable shall be deter- mined in accordance with 310.14(A) or (B) for 14 AWG and larger conductors. For 18 AWG and 16 AWG conductors, the ampacitics shall be determined in accordance with Table 402.5 or 310.14(B). When installed in cable tray, the ampacitics shall be permitted to be determined in accordance with 392.80. The installation shall not exceed the temperature ratings of termi- nations and equipment.
Part III. Construction Specifications
337.104 Conductors. Conductors shall be of tinned copper. Conductors shall employ flexible stranding. The minimum conductor size shall be 18 AWG.
337.108 Equipment Grounding Conductor. An cquipment grounding conductor complying with 250.122 shall be provi- ded within multiconductor Type P cable.
337.112 Insulation. Insulated conductors shall be a thermoset type identified for use in Type P cable. All conductors shall be suitable for wet locations. The minimum wall thickness shall be 0.76 mm (30 mils).
337.114 Shield. Metallic shield(s) shall be permitted over a single conductor or groups of conductors.
337.115 Jacket. Multiconductor cables shall have an overall nonmetallic jacket that is impervious to moisture, corrosion resistant, and sunlight resistant. When installed external to an enclosure or industrial machinery, single conductor cables shall have an overall nonmetallic jacket that is impervious to moisture, corrosion resistant, and sunlight resistant. Single conductor cables rated 2000 volts with conductor sizes equal to or larger than 4/0 AWG shall be permitted to use an increased insulation thickness in licu of using a separate cable jacket. When the increased insulation thickness is used, the insulation material shall be sunlight resistant.
337.116 Armor. Armor shall be permitted over the jacket. If provided, the armor or metallic covering shall be a braided basket weave type consisting of wire laid closely together, flat and parallel, and forming a basket weave that shall firmly grip the cable. The wire shall be commercial bronze, tinned copper, stainless steel, or aluminum. The armor shall not be used as a current-carrying conductor or as an equipment grounding conductor. A nonmetallic jacket that conforms to 337.115 shall be provided over the armor.
337.120 Marking. Typc P cable shall be marked in accordance with 310.8. When an armor is provided, the cable shall be marked accordingly.
ARTICLE 338 Service-Entrance Cable: Types SE and USE
Part I. General
338.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications of service-entrance cable.
338.6 Listing Requirements. Type SE and USE cables and asso- ciated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation 338.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) Service-Entrance Conductors. Service-entrance cable shall be permitted to be used as service-entrance conductors and shall be installed in accordance with 230.6, 230.7, and Parts II, III, and IV of Article 230.
(B) Branch Circuits or Feeders.
(1) Grounded Conductor Insulated. Typc SE service-entrance cables shall be permitted in wiring systems where all of the
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-229
338.10
ARTICLE 340 - UNDERGROUND FEEDER AND BRANCH-CIRCUIT CABLE: TYPE UF
circuit conductors of the cable are of the thermoset or thermo- plastic typc.
(2) Use of Uninsulated Conductor. Typc SE service-entrance cable shall be permitted for use where the insulated conductors are used for circuit wiring and the uninsulated conductor is used only for equipment grounding purposes.
Exception: In existing installations, uninsulated conductors shall be permitted as a grounded conductor in accordance with250.32 and 250.140, where the uninsulated grounded conductor of the cable origi- nates in service equipment, and with 225.30 through 225.40.
(3) Temperature Limitations. Type SE service-entrance cable used to supply appliances shall not be subject to conductor temperatures in excess of the temperature specified for the type of insulation involved.
(4) Installation Methods for Branch Circuits and Feeders.
(a) Interior Installations. Interior installations shall comply with the following:
(1) In addition to the provisions of this article, Type SE service-entrance cable used for interior wiring shall comply with the installation requirements of Part II of Article 334, excluding 334.80.
(2) Where more than two Type SE cables containing two or more current-carrying conductors in cach cable arc installed in contact with thermal insulation, caulk, or scal- ing foam without maintaining spacing between cables, the ampacity of cach conductor shall be adjusted in accordance with Table 310.15(C) (1).
(3) For Type SE cable with ungrounded conductor sizes 10 AWG and smaller, where installed in contact with ther- mal insulation, the ampacity shall be in accordance with 60 (140°F) conductor temperature rating. The maxi- mum conductor temperature rating shall be permitted to be used for ampacity adjustment and correction purpo- ses, if the final ampacity does not exceed that for a 60 (140°F) rated conductor.
(b) Exterior Installations. Exterior installations shall comply with the following:
(1) In addition to the provisions of this article, service- entrance cable used for feeders or branch circuits, where installed as exterior wiring, shall be installed in accord- ance with Part I of Article 225. The cable shall be suppor- ted in accordance with 334.30.
(2) Type USE cable installed as underground feeder and branch circuit cable shall comply with Part II of Arti- clc 340.
Exception: Single-conductor Type USE and multi-rated USE conductors shall not be subject to the ampacity limitations of Part H of Article 340.
338.12 Uses Not Permitted.
(A) Service-Entrance Cable. Typc SE cable shall not be used under the following conditions or in the following locations:
(1) Where subject to physical damage unless protected in accordance with 230.50(B)
(2) Underground with or without a raceway
(3) For exterior branch circuits and feeder wiring unless the installation complies with Part I of Article 225 and is supported in accordance with 334.30 or is used as messenger-supported wiring as permitted in Part II of Article 396
(B) Underground Service-Entrance Cable. Typc USE cable shall not be used under the following conditions or in the following locations:
(1) For interior wiring
(2) For aboveground installations except where USE cable emerges from the ground and is terminated in an enclo- sure at an outdoor location and the cable is protected in accordance with 300.5(D)
(3) As acrial cable unless it is a multiconductor cable identi- fied for use aboveground and installed as messenger- supported wiring in accordance with 225.10 and Part II of Article 396
338.24 Bending Radius. Bends in Types USE and SE cable shall be so made that the cable will not be damaged. The radius of the curve of the inner edge of any bend, during or after installation, shall not be less than five times the diameter of the cable. For flat cables, the major diameter dimension of the cable shall be used to determine the bending radius.
Part III. Construction Specifications
338.100 Construction.
(A) Assemblies. Cabled assemblies of multiple single- conductor Type USE conductors shall be permitted for direct burial. All conductors shall be insulated.
Informational Note: The term "cabled" refers to a manufactur- ing process of twisting single conductors together and may also be referred to as "plexed."
(B). Uninsulated Conductor. Typc SE or USE cable with an overall covering containing two or more conductors shall be permitted to have one conductor uninsulated.
338.120 Marking. Service-entrance cable shall be marked as required in 310.8. Cable with the neutral conductor smaller than the ungrounded conductors shall be so marked.
ARTICLE 340 Underground Feeder and Branch-Circuit Cable: Type UF
Part I. General
340.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for underground feeder and branch-circuit cable, Type UF.
340.6 Listing Requirements. Typc UF cable and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
340.10 Uses Permitted. Typc UF cable shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For use underground, including direct burial in the carth.
70-230
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
342.14
ARTICLE 342 - INTERMEDIATE METAL CONDUIT (IMC)
(2) As single-conductor cables. Where installed as single- conductor cables, all conductors of the feeder or branch circuit, including the grounded conductor and cquip- ment grounding conductor, if any, shall be installed in accordance with 300.3.
(3) For wiring in wet, dry, or corrosive locations.
(4) Installed as nonmetallic-shcathed cable. Where so installed, the installation and conductor requirements shall comply with Parts II and III of Article 334,except for 334.12(B), and shall be of the multiconductor typc.
(5) As single-conductor cables as the nonheating leads for heating cables as provided in 424.43.
(6) Supported by cable trays. Type UF cable supported by cable trays shall be of the multiconductor typc.
Informational Note: See 310.14(A)(3) for temperature limita- tion of conductors.
340.12 Uses Not Permitted. Type UF cable shall not be used as follows:
(1) As service-entrance cable
(2) In commercial garages
(3) In theaters and similar locations
(4) In motion picture studios
(5) In storage battery rooms
(6) In hoistways or on elevators or escalators
(7) In hazardous (classified) locations, except as specifically permitted by other articles in this Code
(8) Embedded in poured cement, concrete, or aggregate, except where embedded in plaster as nonheating leads where permitted in 424.43
(9) Where exposed to direct rays of the sun, unless identi- ficd as sunlight resistant
Informational Note: The sunlight-resistant marking on the jacket does not apply to the individual conductors.
(10) Where subject to physical damage
(11) As overhead cable, except where installed as messenger- supported wiring in accordance with Part II of Article 396
340.24 Bending Radius. Bends in Type UF cable shall be so made that the cable is not damaged. The radius of the curve of the inner edge of any bend shall not be less than five times the diameter of the cable. For flat cables, the major diameter dimension of the cable shall be used to determine the bending radius.
340.80 Ampacity. The ampacity of Type UF cable shall be that of 60 (140°F) conductors in accordance with 310.14.
Part III. Construction Specifications
340.104 Conductors. The conductors shall be sizes 14 AWG copper or 12 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum through 4/0 AWG.
340.108 Equipment Grounding Conductor. In addition to the insulated conductors, the cable shall be permitted to have an insulated or bare equipment grounding conductor.
340.112 Insulation. The conductors of Type UF shall be one of the moisture-resistant types listed in Table 310.4(1) that is suita- ble for branch-circuit wiring or one that is identified for such usc. Where installed as a substitute wiring method for .NM cable, the conductor insulation shall be rated 90 (194ºF).
340.116 Sheath. The overall covering shall be flame retardant; moisture, fungus, and corrosion resistant; and suitable for direct burial in the carth.
ARTICLE 342 Intermediate Metal Conduit (IMC)
Part I. General
342.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for intermediate metal conduit (IMC) and associated fittings.
342.6 Listing Requirements. IMC, factory elbows and couplings, and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
342.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) All Atmospheric Conditions and Occupancies. Usc of IMC shall be permitted under all atmospheric conditions and occu- pancies.
(B) Corrosion Environments. IMC, elbows, couplings, and fittings shall be permitted to be installed in concrete, in direct contact with the carth, in direct burial applications, or in arcas subject to severe corrosive influences where protected by corro- sion protection approved for the condition.
(C) Cinder Fill. IMC shall be permitted to be installed in or under cinder fill where subject to permanent moisture where protected on all sides by a layer of noncinder concrete not less than 50 mm (2 in.) thick; where the conduit is not less than 450 mm (18 in.) under the fill; or where protected by corro- sion protection approved for the condition.
(D) Wet Locations. All supports, bolts, straps, screws, and so forth, shall be of corrosion-resistant materials or protected against corrosion by corrosion-resistant materials.
Informational Note: See 300.6 for protection against corrosion.
(E) Severe Physical Damage. IMC shall be permitted to be installed where subject to severe physical damage.
342.14 Dissimilar Metals. Where practicable, dissimilar metals in contact anywhere in the system shall be avoided to eliminate the possibility of galvanic action.
Stainless steel and aluminum fittings and enclosures shall be permitted to be used with galvanized steel IMC where not subject to severe corrosive influences.
Stainless steel IMC shall only be used with the following:
(1) Stainless steel fittings
(2) Stainless steel boxes and enclosures
(3) Steel (galvanized, painted, powder or PVC coated, and so forth) boxes and enclosures when not subject to severe corrosive influences
(4) Stainless steel, nonmetallic, or approved accessories
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-231
342.20
ARTICLE 344 - RIGID METAL CONDUIT (RMC)
342.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. IMC smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/9) shall not be used.
(B) Maximum. IMC larger than metric designator 155 (trade size 6) shall not be used.
Informational Note: See 300.1(C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
342.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
342.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends of IMC shall be so made that the conduit will not be damaged and the internal diameter of the conduit will not be effectively reduced. The radius of the curve of any field bend to the centerline of the conduit shall not be less than indicated in Table 2, Chapter 9.
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
342.28 Reaming and Threading. All cut ends shall be reamed or otherwise finished to remove rough edges. Where conduit is threaded in the field, a standard cutting die with a taper of 1 in 16 (34 in. taper per foot) shall be used.
Informational Note: See ANSI/ASME B1.20.1-2013, Standard for Pipe Threads, General Purpose (Inch).
342.30 Securing and Supporting. IMC shall be installed as a complete system in accordance with 300.18 and shall bc securely fastened in place and supported in accordance with 342.30(A) and (B).
(A) Securely Fastened. IMC shall be secured in accordance with one of the following:
(1) IMC shall be securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of cach outlet box, junction box, device box, cabinet, conduit body, or other conduit termination.
(2) Where structural members do not readily permit fasten- ing within 900 mm (3 ft), fastening shall be permitted to be increased to a distance of 1.5 m (5 ft).
(3) Where approved, conduit shall not be required to be securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of the service head for above-the-roof termination of a mast.
Exception: For concealed work in finished buildings or prefinished wall panels where such securing is impracticable, unbroken lengths (without coupling) of IMC shall be permitted to be fished.
(B) Supports. IMC shall be supported in accordance with one of the following:
(1) Conduit shall be supported at intervals not exceeding 3 m (10 ft).
(2) The distance between supports for straight runs of conduit shall be permitted in accordance with Table 344.30(B), provided the conduit is made up with thrca- ded couplings and supports that prevent transmission of
stresses to termination where conduit is deflected between supports.
(3) Exposed vertical risers from industrial machinery or fixed equipment shall be permitted to be supported at intervals not exceeding 6 m (20 ft) if the conduit is made up with threaded couplings, the conduit is supported and securely fastened at the top and bottom of the riser, and no other means of intermediate support is readily availa- blc.
(4) Horizontal runs of IMC supported by openings through framing members at intervals not exceeding 3 m (10 ft) and securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of termina- tion points shall be permitted.
342.42 Couplings and Connectors.
(A) Threadless. Threadless couplings and connectors used with conduit shall be made tight. Where buried in masonry or concrete, they shall be the concretetight type. Where installed in wet locations, they shall comply with 314.15. Threadless couplings and connectors shall not be used on threaded conduit ends unless listed for the purpose.
(B) Running Threads. Running threads shall not be used on conduit for connection at couplings.
342.46 Bushings. Where a conduit enters a box, fitting, or other enclosure, a bushing shall be provided to protect the wires from, abrasion unless the box, fitting, or enclosure is designed to provide such protection.
Informational Note: See 300.4(G) for the protection of conduc- tors 4 AWG and larger at bushings.
342.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
342.60 Grounding. IMC shall be permitted as an equipment grounding conductor.
Part III. Construction Specifications
342.100 Construction. IMC shall be made of one of the follow- ing:
(1) Steel, with protective coatings (2) Stainless steel
342.120 Marking. Each length shall be clearly and durably marked at least every 1.5 m (5 ft) with the letters IMC. Each length shall be marked as required in the first sentence of 110.21 (A).
ARTICLE 344 Rigid Metal Conduit (RMC)
Part I. General
344.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for rigid metal conduit (RMC) and associated fittings.
344.6 Listing Requirements. R.MC, factory elbows and couplings, and associated fittings shall be listed.
70-232
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
344.30
ARTICLE 344 -RIGID METAL CONDUIT (RMC)
Part II. Installation
344.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) Atmospheric Conditions and Occupancies.
(1) Galvanized Steel, Stainless Steel, and Red Brass RMC. Galvanized steel, stainless steel, and red brass RMC shall be permitted under all atmospheric conditions and occupancies.
(2) Aluminum RMC. Aluminum RMC shall be permitted to be installed where approved for the environment.
(3) Ferrous Raceways and Fittings. Ferrous raceways and fittings protected from corrosion solely by cnamel shall be permitted only indoors and in occupancies not subject to severe corrosive influences.
(B) Corrosive Environments.
(1) Galvanized Steel, Stainless Steel, and Red Brass RMC, Elbows, Couplings, and Fittings. Galvanized steel, stainless steel, and red brass RMC, elbows, couplings, and fittings shall be permitted to be installed in concrete, in direct contact with the carth, in direct burial applications, or in arcas subject to severe corrosive influences where protected by corrosion protection approved for the condition.
(2) Supplementary Protection of Aluminum RMC. Aluminum R.MC shall be provided with approved supplementary corrosion protection where encased in concrete or in direct contact with the carth, or in direct burial applications where identified for the application.
(C) Cinder Fill. Galvanized steel, stainless steel, and red brass R.VC shall be permitted to be installed in or under cinder fill where subject to permanent moisture where protected on all sides by a layer of noncinder concrete not less than 50 mm (2 in.) thick; where the conduit is not less than 450 mm (18 in.) under the fill; or where protected by corrosion protec- tion approved for the condition.
(D) Wet Locations. All supports, bolts, straps, 'screws, and so forth, shall be of corrosion-resistant materials or protected against corrosion by corrosion-resistant materials.
Informational Note: See 300.6 for protection against corrosion.
(E) Severe Physical Damage. RMC shall be permitted to be installed where subject to severe physical damage.
344.14 Dissimilar Metals. Where practicable, dissimilar metals in contact anywhere in the system shall be avoided to eliminate the possibility of galvanic action. Stainless steel and aluminum fittings and enclosures shall be permitted to be used with galvanized steel RMC, and galvanized steel fittings and enclo- sures shall be permitted to be used with aluminum RMC where not subject to severe corrosive influences. Stainless steel rigid conduit shall only be used with the following:
(1) Stainless steel fittings
(2) Stainless steel boxes and enclosures
(3) Steel (galvanized, painted, powder or PVC coated, and so forth) boxes and enclosures when not subject to severe corrosive influences
(4) Stainless steel, nonmetallic, or approved accessories
344.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. R.MC smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/9) shall not be used.
Exception: Metric designator 12 (trade size 3/s) shall be permitted for enclosing the leads of motors as permitted in 430.245(B).
(B) Maximum. RMC larger than metric designator 155 (trade size 6) shall not be used.
Informational Note: See 300.1(C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
344.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
344.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends of RMC shall be so made that the conduit will not be damaged and so that the internal diameter of the conduit will not be effectively reduced. The radius of the curve of any field bend to the centerline of the conduit shall not be less than indicated in Table 2, Chapter 9
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
344.28 Reaming and Threading. All cut ends shall be reamed or otherwise finished to remove rough edges. Where conduit is threaded in the field, a standard cutting dic with a 1 in 16 taper (3/4 in. taper per foot) shall be used. PVC-coated RMC shall be threaded in accordance with manufacturer's instructions to prevent damage to the exterior coating.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/ASME B1.20.1-2013, Stand- ard for Pipe Threads, General Purpose (Inch).
Informational Note No. 2: See NECA 101-2013, Standard for Installing Steel Conduits (RMC, IMC, EMT), for information on threading and clamping methods for RMC and PVC-coated RMC.
344.30 Securing and Supporting. R.MC shall be installed as a complete system in accordance with 300.18 and shall be securely fastened in place and supported in accordance with 344.30(A) and (B).
(A) Securely Fastened. RMC shall be secured in accordance with one of the following:
(1) RMC shall be securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of cach outlet box, junction box, device box, cabinet, conduit body, or other conduit termination.
(2) Fastening shall be permitted to be increased to a distance of 1.5 m (5 ft) where structural members do not readily permit fastening within 900 mm (3 ft).
(3) Where approved, conduit shall not be required to be securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of the service head for above-the-roof termination of a mast.
Exception: For concealed work in finished buildings or prefinished wall panels where such securing is impracticable, unbroken lengths (without coupling) of RMC shall be permitted to be fished.
(B) Supports. RMC shall be supported in accordance with one of the following:
(1) Conduit shall be supported at intervals not exceeding 3 m (10 ft).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-233
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 348 - FLEXIBLE METAL CONDUIT (FMC)
344.42
(2) The distance between supports for straight runs of conduit shall be permitted in accordance with Table 344.30(B), provided the conduit is made up with threa- ded couplings and supports that prevent transmission of stresses to termination where conduit is deflected between supports.
(3) Exposed vertical risers from industrial machinery or fixed equipment shall be permitted to be supported at intervals not exceeding 6 m (20 ft) if the conduit is made up with threaded couplings, the conduit is supported and securely fastened at the top and bottom of the riser, and no other means of intermediate support is readily availa- blc.
(4) Horizontal runs of RMC supported by openings through framing members at intervals not exceeding 3 m (10 ft) and securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of termina- tion points shall be permitted.
344.42 Couplings and Connectors.
(A) Threadless. Threadless couplings and connectors used with conduit shall be made tight. Where buried in masonry or concrete, they shall be the concrete tight type. Where installed in wet locations, they shall comply with 314.15. Threadless couplings and connectors shall not be used on threaded conduit ends unless listed for the purpose.
(B) Running Threads. Running threads shall not be used on conduit for connection at couplings.
344.46 Bushings. Where a conduit enters a box, fitting, or other enclosure, a bushing shall be provided to protect the wires from abrasion unless the box, fitting, or enclosure is designed to provide such protection.
Informational Note: See 300.4(G) for the protection of conduc- tors sizes 4 AWG and larger at bushings.
344.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
344.60 Grounding. R.MC shall be permitted as an equipment grounding conductor.
Part III. Construction Specifications
344.100 Construction. R.VIC shall be made of one of the following:
(1) Steel with protective coatings
(2) Aluminum
(3) Red brass
(4) Stainless steel
Table 344.30(B) Supports for Rigid Metal Conduit
Conduit Size
Maximum Distance Between Rigid Metal Conduit Supports
Metric Designator
Trade Size
m
ft
16-21
1/2-3/
3.0
10
27
1
3.7
12
35-41
11/4-11/2
4.3
14
53-63
2-21/2
4.9
16
78 and larger
3 and larger
6.1
20
344.120 Marking. Each length shall be clearly and durably identified in every 3 m (10 ft) as required in the first sentence of 110.21(A). Nonferrous conduit of corrosion-resistant mate- rial shall have suitable markings.
ARTICLE 348 Flexible Metal Conduit (FMC)
Part I. General
348.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for flexible metal conduit (FMC) and associated fittings.
348.2 Reconditioned Equipment. FMC shall not be recondi- tioned.
348.6 Listing Requirements. FMC and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
348.10 Uses Permitted. FMC shall be permitted to be used in exposed and concealed locations.
348.12 Uses Not Permitted. FMC shall not be used in the following:
(1) In wet locations
(2) In hoistways, other than as permitted in 620.21 (A) (I)
(3) In storage battery rooms
(4) In any hazardous (classified) location except as permitted by other articles in this Code
(5) Where exposed to materials having a deteriorating effect on the installed conductors, such as oil or gasoline
(6) Underground or embedded in poured concrete or aggre- gate
(7) Where subject to physical damage
348.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. FMC less than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/9) shall not be used unless permitted in 348.20(A) (1) through (A) (5) for metric designator 12 (trade size 3/g).
(1) For enclosing the leads of motors as permitted in 430.245(B)
(2) In lengths not in excess of 1.8 m (6 ft) for any of the following uscs:
a. For utilization equipment
b. As part of a listed assembly
c. For tap connections to luminaires as permitted in 410.117(C)
(3) For manufactured wiring systems as permitted in 604.100(A)
(4) In hoistways as permitted in 620.21 (A) (1)
(5) As part of a listed assembly to connect wired luminaire sections as permitted in 410.137(C)
(B) Maximum. FMC larger than metric designator 103 (trade size 4) shall not be used.
70-234
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 348 - FLEXIBLE METAL CONDUIT (FMC)
348.60
Informational Note: See 300.1 (C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
348.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chapter 9, or as permitted in Table 348.22, or for metric designator 12 (trade size 3/%).
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
348.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends in conduit shall be made so that the conduit is not damaged and the internal diameter of the conduit is not effectively reduced. Bends shall be permitted to be made manually without auxiliary equipment. The radius of the curve to the centerline of any bend shall not be less than shown in Table 2, Chapter 9 using the column "Other Bends."
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
348.28 Trimming. All cut ends shall be trimmed or otherwise finished to remove rough edges, except where fittings that thread into the convolutions are used.
348.30 Securing and Supporting. FMC shall be securely fastened in place and supported in accordance with 348.30(A) and (B).
(A) Securely Fastened. FMC shall be securely fastened in place by an approved means within 300 mm (12 in.) of cach box, cabinet, conduit body, or other conduit termination and shall be supported and secured at intervals not to exceed 1.4 m (41/2 ft). Where used, cable tics shall be listed and be identified for securement and support.
Exception No. 1: Where FMC is fished between access points through concealed spaces in finished buildings or structures and supporting is impracticable.
Exception No. 2: Where flexibility is necessary after installation, lengths from the last point where the raceway is securely fastened shall not exceed the following:
(1) 900 mm (3 ft) for metric designators 16 through 35 (trade sizes 1/2 through 11/4)
(2) 1200 mm (4 ft) for metric designators 41 through 53 (trade sizes 11/2 through 2)
(3) 1500 mm (5 ft) for metric designators 63 (trade size 21/2) and larger
Exception No. 3: Lengths not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) from a luminaire terminal connection for tap connections to luminaires as permitted in 410.117(C).
Exception No. 4: Lengths not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) from the last point where the raceway is securely fastened for connections within an accessi- ble ceiling to a luminaire(s) or other equipment. For the purposes of the exceptions, listed FMC fittings shall be permitted as a means of secure- ment and support.
(B) Supports. Horizontal runs of FMC supported by openings through framing members at intervals not greater than 1.4 m (41/2 ft) and securely fastened within 300 mm (12 in.) of termi- nation points shall be permitted.
348.42 Couplings and Connectors. Angle connectors shall not be concealed.
348.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
348.60 Grounding and Bonding.
(A) Fixed Installation. FMC shall be permitted to be used as an equipment grounding conductor when installed in accord- ance with 250.118(A) (5) where flexibility is not required after installation.
(B) Flexible Installation. An equipment grounding conductor shall be installed where flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment or to provide flexi- bility for equipment that requires movement after installation.
(C) Equipment Grounding Conductors. Where required or installed, equipment grounding conductors shall be installed in accordance with 250.134.
(D) Equipment Bonding Jumpers. Where required or instal- led, equipment bonding jumpers shall be installed in accord- ance with 250.102.
Table 348.22 Maximum Number of Insulated Conductors in Metric Designator 12 (Trade Size 3/8) Flexible Metal Conduit (FMC)*
Types RFH-2, SF-2
Types TF, XHHW, TW
Types TFN, THHN, THWN
Types FEP, FEBP, PF, PGF
Size (AWG)
Fittings Inside Conduit
Fittings Outside Conduit
Fittings Inside Conduit
Fittings Outside Conduit
Fittings Inside Conduit
Fittings Outside Conduit
Fittings Inside Conduit
Fittings Outside Conduit
18
211 2 1
3
3
5
5
8
5
8
16
2
3
4
4
6
4
6
14
2
2
3
3
4
3
4
12
1
2
2
3
2
3
10
1
1
1
1
1
2
*In addition, one insulated, covered, or bare equipment grounding conductor of the same size shall be perinitted.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-235
350.1
ARTICLE 350 - LIQUIDTIGHT FLEXIBLE METAL CONDUIT (LFMC)
ARTICLE 350 Liquidtight Flexible Metal Conduit (LFMC)
Part I. General
350.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC) and associated fittings.
350.2 Reconditioned Equipment. LFMC shall not be recondi- tioned.
350.6 Listing Requirements. LFMC and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
350.10 Uses Permitted. LFMC shall be permitted to be used in exposed or concealed locations as follows:
(1) Where conditions of installation, operation, or mainte- nance require flexibility or protection from machine oils, liquids, vapors, or solids.
(2) In hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by Chapter 5.
(3) For direct burial where listed and marked for the purposc.
(4) Conductors or cables rated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of LFMC shall be permitted to be installed in LFMC, provided the conductors or cables are not operated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of the LFMC.
350.12 Uses Not Permitted. LFMC shall not be used where subject to physical damage.
350.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. LFMC smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/g) shall not be used.
Exception: LFMC of metric designator 12 (trade size 3/s) shall be permit- ted as covered in 348.20(A).
(B) Maximum. The maximum size of LFMC shall be metric designator 103 (trade size 4).
Informational Note: See 300.1(C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
350.22 Number of Conductors or Cables.
(A) Metric Designators 16 through 103 (Trade Sizes 1/2 through 4). The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chapter 9.
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
(B) Metric Designator 12 (Trade Size 3/8). The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted in Table 348.22, "Fittings Outside Conduit" columns.
350.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends in conduit shall be so made that the conduit will not be damaged and the internal diameter of the conduit will not be effectively reduced. Bends shall be permit- ted to be made manually without auxiliary equipment. The radius of the curve to the centerline of any bend shall not be less than required in Table 2, Chapter 9 using the column "Other Bends."
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
350.28 Trimming. All cut ends of conduit shall be trimmed inside and outside to remove rough edges.
350.30 Securing and Supporting. LFMC shall be securely fastened in place and supported in accordance with 350.30(A) and (B).
(A) Securely Fastened. LFMC shall be securely fastened in place by an approved means within 300 mm (12 in.) of cach box, cabinet, conduit body, or other conduit termination and shall be supported and secured at intervals not to exceed 1.4 m (41/2 ft). Where used, cable tics shall be listed and be identified for securement and support.
Exception No. 1: Where LFMC is fished between access points through concealed spaces in finished buildings or structures and supporting is impractical.
Exception No. 2: Where flexibility is necessary after installation, lengths from the last point where the raceway is securely fastened shall not exceed the following:
(1) 900 mm (3 ft) for metric designators 16 through 35 (trade sizes 1/2 through 11/4)
(2) 1200 mm (4 ft) for metric designators 41 through 53 (trade sizes 11/2 through 2)
(3) 1500 mm (5 ft) for metric designators 63 (trade size 21/2) and larger
Exception No. 3: Lengths not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) from a luminaire terminal connection for tap conductors to luminaires, as permitted in 410.117(C).
Exception No. 4: Lengths not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) from the last point where the raceway is securely fastened for connections within an accessi- ble ceiling to luminaire(s) or other equipment.
For the purposes of the exceptions, listed LFMC fittings shall be permitted as a means of securement and support.
(B) Supports. Horizontal runs of LFMC supported by open- ings through framing members at intervals not greater than 1.4 m (4)/ ft) and securely fastened within 300 mm (12 in.) of termination points shall be permitted.
350.42 Couplings and Connectors. Only fittings listed for use with LFMC shall be used. Angle connectors shall not be concealed. Straight LFMC fittings shall be permitted for direct burial where marked.
350.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
350.60 Grounding and Bonding.
(A) Fixed Installation. LFMC shall be permitted to be used as an equipment grounding conductor when installed in accord-
70-236
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
352.22
ARTICLE 352 -RIGID POLYVINYL CHLORIDE CONDUIT (PVC)
ance with 250.118(A) (6) where flexibility is not required after installation.
(B) Flexible Installation. An equipment grounding conductor shall be installed where flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment or to provide flexi- bility for equipment that requires movement after installation.
(C) Equipment Grounding Conductor. Where required or installed, equipment grounding conductors shall be installed in accordance with 250.134.
(D) Equipment Bonding Jumpers. Where required or instal- led, equipment bonding jumpers shall be installed in accord- ance with 250.102.
Informational Note: See 501.30(B) (2), 502.30(B) (2), 503.30(B) (2), 505.30(B)(2), and 506.30(B) (2) for types of equipment grounding conductors.
Part III. Construction Specifications
350.120 Marking. LFMC shall be marked according to 110.21. The trade size and other information required by the listing shall also be marked on the conduit. Conduit suitable for direct burial shall be so marked.
ARTICLE 352 Rigid Polyvinyl Chloride Conduit (PVC)
Part I. General
352.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC) and associated fittings.
352.6 Listing Requirements. PVC conduit, factory elbows, and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
352.10 Uses Permitted. The use of PVC conduit shall be permitted in accordance with 352.10(A) through (K).
Informational Note: Extreme cold may cause some nonmetallic conduits to become brittle and, therefore, more susceptible to damage from physical contact.
(A) Concealed. PVC conduit shall be permitted in walls, floors, and ceilings.
(B) Encased in Concrete. PVC conduit shall be permitted to be encased in concrete.
(C) Corrosive Influences. PVC conduit shall be permitted in locations subject to severe corrosive influences as covered in 300.6 and where subject to chemicals for which the materials are specifically approved.
(D) Cinders. PVC conduit shall be permitted in cinder fill.
(E) Wet Locations. PVC conduit shall be permitted in portions of dairies, laundries, canneries, or other wet locations, and in locations where walls are frequently washed, the entire conduit
system, including boxes and fittings used therewith, shall be installed and cquipped so as to prevent water from entering the conduit. All supports, bolts, straps, screws, and so forth, shall be of corrosion-resistant materials or be protected against corrosion by approved corrosion-resistant materials.
(F) Dry and Damp Locations. PVC conduit shall be permitted for use in dry and damp locations not prohibited by 352.12.
(G) Exposed. PVC conduit shall be permitted for exposed work.
(H) Underground Installations. For underground installa- tions, PVC shall be permitted for direct burial and under- ground encased in concrete. Sec 300.5 and 305.15.
(I) Support of Conduit Bodies. PVC conduit shall be permit- ted to support nonmetallic conduit bodies not larger than the largest trade size of an entering raceway. These conduit bodies shall not support luminaires or other equipment and shall not contain devices other than splicing devices as permitted by 110.14(B) and 314.16(C) (2).
(J) Insulation Temperature Limitations. Conductors or cables rated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of PVC conduit shall be permitted to be installed in PVC conduit, provided the conductors or cables are not operated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of the PVC conduit.
(K) Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, Schedule 80 PVC elbows, and listed fittings for PVC conduit shall be used.
Informational Note: All listed PVC conduit fittings are suitable for connection to both Schedule 40 and Schedule 80 PVC conduit.
352.12 Uses Not Permitted. PVC conduit shall not be used under the conditions specified in 352.12(A) through (E).
(A) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. In any hazardous (clas- sificd) location, except as permitted by other articles of this Code.
(B) Support of Luminaires. For the support of luminaires or other equipment not described in 352.10(I).
(C) Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, except as permitted in 352.10(K).
(D) Ambient Temperatures. Where subject to ambient temperatures in excess of 50 (122ºF) unless listed otherwise.
(E) Theaters and Similar Locations. In theaters and similar locations, except as provided in 518.4 and 520.5.
352.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. PVC conduit smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/2) shall not be used.
(B) Maximum. PVC conduit larger than metric designator 155 (trade size 6) shall not be used.
Informational Note: See 300.1 (C) for the trade sizes and metric designators that are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
352.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-237
352.24
ARTICLE 352 - RIGID POLYVINYL CHLORIDE CONDUIT (PVC)
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
352.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends shall be so made that the conduit will not be damaged and the internal diameter of the conduit will not be effectively reduced. Field bends shall be made only with identified bending equipment. The radius of the curve to the centerline of such bends shall not be less than shown in Table 2, Chapter 9.
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
352.28 Trimming. All cut ends shall be trimmed inside and outside to remove rough edges.
352.30 Securing and Supporting. PVC conduit shall be installed as a complete system as provided in 300.18 and shall be fastened] so that movement from thermal expansion or contraction is permitted. PVC conduit shall be securely fastened and supported in accordance with 352.30(A) and (B).
(A) Securely Fastened. PVC conduit shall be securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of cach outlet box, junction box, device box, conduit body, or other conduit termination. Conduit listed for securing at other than 900 mm (3 ft) shall be permit- ted to be installed in accordance with the listing.
(B) Supports. PVC conduit shall be supported as required in Table 352.30(B). Conduit listed for support at spacings other than as shown in Table 352.30(B) shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with the listing. Horizontal runs of PVC
conduit supported by openings through framing members at intervals not exceeding those in Table 352.30(B) and securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of termination points shall be permitted.
352.44 Expansion Fittings.
(A) Thermal Expansion and Contraction. Expansion fittings for PVC conduit shall be provided to compensate for thermal expansion and contraction where the length change, in accord- ance with Table 352.44(A), is expected to be 6 mm (1/4 in.) or greater in a straight run between securely mounted items such as boxes, cabinets, elbows, or other conduit terminations.
(B) Earth Movement. Expansion fittings for underground runs of direct buried PVC conduit emerging from the ground shall be provided above grade when required to compensate for carth settling or movement, including frost heave.
Informational Note: See 300.5(J).
Table 352.30(B) Support of Rigid Polyvinyl Chloride Conduit (PVC)
Conduit Size
Maximum Spacing Between Supports
Metric Designator
Trade Size
mm or m
ft
16-27
1/4-1
900 mm
3
35-53
11/4-2
1.5 m
5
63-78
21/4-3
1.8 m
6
91-129
31/4-5
2.1 m
7
155
6
2.5 m
8
Table 352.44(A) Expansion Characteristics of PVC Rigid Nonmetallic Conduit Coefficient of Thermal Expansion = 6.084 x 10-5 mm/mm/° (3.38 x 10-5 in./in./°F)
Temperature Change ()
Length Change of PVC Conduit (mm/m)
Temperature Change (°F)
Length Change of PVC Conduit (in./100 ft)
Temperature Change (ºF)
Length Change of PVC Conduit (in./100 ft)
5
0.30
5
0.20
105
4.26
10
0.61
10
0.41
110
4.46
15
0.91
15
0.61
115
4.66
20
1.22
20
0.81
120
4.87
25
1.52
25
1.01
125
5.07
30
1.83
30
1.22
130
5.27
35
2.13
35
1.42
135
5.48
40
2.43
40
1.62
140
5.68
45
2.74
45
1.83
145
5.88
50
3.04
50
2.03
150
6.08
55
3.35
55
2.23
155
6.29
60
3.65
60
2.43
160
6.49
65
3.95
65
2.64
165
6.69
70
4.26
70
2.84
170
6.90
75
4.56
75
3.04
175
7.10
80
4.87
80
3.24
180
7.30
85
5.17
85
3.45
185
7.50
90
5.48
90
3.65
190
7.71
95
5.78
95
3.85
195
7.91
100
6.08
100
4.06
200
8.11
70-238
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
353.22
ARTICLE 353 - HIGH DENSITY POLYETHYLENE CONDUIT (HDPE CONDUIT)
352.46 Bushings. Where a conduit enters a box, fitting, or other enclosure, a bushing or adapter shall be provided to protect the wire from abrasion unless the box, fitting, or enclo- sure design provides equivalent protection.
Informational Note: See 300.4(G) for the protection of conduc- tors 4 AWG and larger at bushings.
352.48 Joints. All joints between lengths of conduit, and between conduit and couplings, fittings, and boxes, shall be made by an approved method.
352.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
352.60 Grounding. Where equipment grounding is required, separate grounding conductor shall be installed in the conduit.
Exception No. 1: The equipment grounding conductor shall be permit- ted to be run separately from the circuit conductors as permitted in 250.134, Exception No. 2, for de circuits and 250.134, Exception No. 1, for separately run equipment grounding conductors.
Exception No. 2: The equipment grounding conductor shall not be required where the grounded conductor is used to ground equipment as permitted in 250.142.
Part III. Construction Specifications
352.100 Construction. PVC conduit shall be made of rigid (nonplasticized) polyvinyl chloride (PVC). PVC conduit and fittings shall be composed of suitable nonmetallic material that is resistant to moisture and chemical atmospheres. For use aboveground, it shall also be flame retardant, resistant to impact and crushing, resistant to distortion from heat under conditions likely to be encountered in service, and resistant to low temperature and sunlight effects. For use underground, the material shall be acceptably resistant to moisture and corro- sive agents and shall be of sufficient strength to withstand abusc, such as by impact and crushing, in handling and during installation. Where intended for direct burial, without encase- ment in concrete, the material shall also be capable of with- standing continued loading that is likely to be encountered after installation.
352.120 Marking. Each length of PVC conduit shall be clearly and durably marked at least every 3 m (10 ft) as required in the first sentence of 110.21(A). The type of material shall also be included in the marking unless it is visually identifiable. For conduit recognized for use aboveground, these markings shall be permanent. For conduit limited to underground use only, these markings shall be sufficiently durable to remain legible until the material is installed. Conduit shall be permitted to be surface marked to indicate special characteristics of the mate- rial.
Informational Note: Examples of these markings include but are not limited to "limited smoke" and "sunlight resistant."
ARTICLE 353 High Density Polyethylene Conduit (HDPE Conduit)
Part I. General
353.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for high density polyethylene (HDPE) conduit and associated fittings.
353.6 Listing Requirements. HDPE conduit and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
353.10 Uses Permitted. The use of HDPE conduit shall be permitted under the following conditions:
(1) In discrete lengths or in continuous lengths from a recl
(2) In locations subject to severe corrosive influences as covered in 300.6 and where subject to chemicals for which the conduit is listed
(3) In cinder fill
(4) In direct burial installations in carth or concrete
Informational Note to (4): See 300.5 and 305.15 for under- ground installations.
(5) Above ground, except as prohibited in 353.12, where encased in not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete.
(6) Conductors or cables rated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of HDPE conduit shall be permitted to be installed in HDPE conduit, provided the conductors or cables are not operated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of the HDPE conduit.
353.12 Uses Not Permitted. HDPE conduit shall not be used under the following conditions:
(1) Where exposed
(2) Within a building
(3) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
(4) Where subject to ambient temperatures in excess of 50 (122ºF) unless listed otherwise
353.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. HDPE conduit smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/9) shall not be used.
(B) Maximum. HDPE conduit larger than metric designator 155 (trade size 6) shall not be used.
Informational Note: See 300.1 (C) for the trade sizes and metric designators that are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
353.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-239
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
353.24
ARTICLE 354 - NONMETALLIC UNDERGROUND CONDUIT WITH CONDUCTORS (NUCC)
353.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends shall be so made that the conduit will not be damaged and the internal diameter of the conduit will not be effectively reduced. Bends shall be permitted to be made manually without auxiliary equipment, and the radius of the curve to the centerline of such bends shall not be less than shown in Table 354.24(A). For conduits of metric designators 129 and 155 (trade sizes 5 and 6), the allowable radii of bends shall be in accordance with specifications provided by the manufacturer.
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
353.28 Trimming. All cut ends shall be trimmed inside and outside to remove rough edges.
353.46 Bushings. Where a conduit enters a box, fitting, or other enclosure, a bushing or adapter shall be provided to protect the wire from abrasion unless the box, fitting, or enclo- sure design provides equivalent protection.
Informational Note: See 300.4(G) for the protection of conduc- tors 4 AWG and larger at bushings.
353.48 Joints. All joints between lengths of conduit and between conduit and couplings, fittings, and boxes shall be made by an approved method.
Informational Note: HDPE conduit can be joined using either heat fusion, electrofusion, or mechanical fittings.
353.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
353.60 Grounding. Where equipment grounding is required, a separate grounding conductor shall be installed in the conduit.
Exception No. 1: The equipment grounding conductor shall be permit- ted to be run separately from the conduit where used for grounding de circuits as permitted in 250.134, Exception No. 2.
Exception No. 2: The equipment grounding conductor shall not be required where the grounded conductor is used to ground equipment as permitted in 250.142.
Part III. Construction Specifications
353.100 Construction. HDPE conduit shall be composed of high density polyethylene that is resistant to moisture and chemical atmospheres. The material shall be resistant to mois- ture and corrosive agents and shall be of sufficient strength to withstand abusc, such as by impact and crushing, in handling and during installation. Where intended for direct burial, with- out encasement in concrete, the material shall also be capable of withstanding continued loading that is likely to be encoun- tered after installation.
353.120 Marking. Each length of HDPE shall be clearly and durably marked at least every 3 m (10 ft) as required in 110.21. The type of material shall also be included in the marking.
ARTICLE 354 Nonmetallic Underground Conduit with Conductors (NUCC)
Part I. General
354.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for nonmetallic underground conduit with conductors (NUCC).
354.6 Listing Requirements. NUCC and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
354.10 Uses Permitted. The use of NUCC and fittings shall be permitted in the following:
(1) For direct burial underground installation (For minimum cover requirements, sec Table 300.5(A) and Table 305.15(A).)
(2) Encased or embedded in concrete
(3) In cinder fill
(4) In underground locations subject to severe corrosive influences as covered in 300.6 and where subject to chem- icals for which the assembly is specifically approved
(5) Above ground, except as prohibited in 354.12, where encased in not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete
354.12 Uses Not Permitted. NUCC shall not be used in the following:
(1) In exposed locations
(2) Inside buildings
Exception: The conductor or the cable portion of the assembly, where suitable, shall be permitted to extend within the building for termina- tion purposes in accordance with 300.3.
(3) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles of this Code
354.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. NUCC smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/2) shall not be used.
(B) Maximum. NUCC larger than metric designator 103 (trade size 4) shall notbe used.
Informational Note: See 300.1(C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
354.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors or cables shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill in Table 1, Chapter 9.
354.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends shall be manually made so that the conduit will not be damaged and the internal diameter of the conduit will not be effectively reduced. The radius of the curve of the centerline of such bends shall not be less than shown in Table 354.24(A).
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
70-240
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
355.10
ARTICLE 355 - REINFORCED THERMOSETTING RESIN CONDUIT (RTRC)
Table 354.24(A) Minimum Bending Radius for Nonmetallic Underground Conduit with Conductors (NUCC)
Conduit Size
Minimum Bending Radius
Metric Designator
Trade Size
mm
in.
16
%
250
10
21
3/4
300
12
27
1
350
14
35
14
450
18
41
11%
500
20
53
2
650
26
63
21/2
900
36
78
3
1200
48
103
4
1500
60
354.28 Trimming. For termination, the conduit shall be trim- med away from the conductors or cables using an approved method that will not damage the conductor or cable insulation or jacket. All conduit ends shall be trimmed inside and out to remove rough edges.
354.46 Bushings. Where the NUCC enters a box, fitting, or other enclosure, a bushing or adapter shall be provided to protect the conductor or cable from abrasion unless the design of the box, fitting, or enclosure provides equivalent protection.
Informational Note: See 300.4(G) for the protection of conduc- tors size 4 AWG or larger.
354.48 Joints. All joints between conduit, fittings, and boxes shall be made by an approved method.
354.50 Conductor Terminations. All terminations between the conductors or cables and equipment shall be made by an approved method for that type of conductor or cable.
354.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in junction boxes or other enclosures.
354.60 Grounding. Where equipment grounding is required, an assembly containing a separate grounding conductor shall be used.
Exception No. 1: The equipment grounding conductor shall be permit- ted to be run separately from the conduit where used for grounding dc circuits as permitted in 250.134, Exception No. 2.
Exception No. 2: The equipment grounding conductor shall not be required where the grounded conductor is used to ground equipment as permitted in 250.142.
Part III. Construction Specifications
354.100 Construction.
(A) General. NUCC is an assembly that is provided in continu- ous lengths shipped in a coil, reel, or carton.
(B) Nonmetallic Underground Conduit. The nonmetallic underground conduit shall be listed and composed of a mate- rial that is resistant to moisture and corrosive agents. It shall also be capable of being supplied on reels without damage or distortion and shall be of sufficient strength to withstand abusc, such as impact or crushing, in handling and during installation without damage to conduit or conductors.
(C) Conductors and Cables. Conductors and cables used in NUCC shall be listed and shall comply with 310.10(C). Conduc- tors of different systems shall be installed in accordance with 300.3(C).
(D) Conductor Fill. The maximum number of conductors or cables in NUCC shall not exceed that permitted by the percent- age fill in Table 1, Chapter 9.
354.120 Marking. NUCC shall be clearly and durably marked at least every 3.05 m (10 ft) as required by 110.21. The type of conduit material shall also be included in the marking.
Identification of conductors or cables used in the assembly shall be provided on a tag attached to cach end of the assembly or to the side of a reel. Enclosed conductors or cables shall be marked in accordance with 310.8.
ARTICLE 355 Reinforced Thermosetting Resin Conduit (RTRC)
Part I. General
355.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specification for reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC) and associatedfittings.
355.6 Listing Requirements. RTRC, factory elbows, and associ- atcd fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
355.10 Uses Permitted. The use of RTRC shall be permitted in accordance with 355.10(A) through (I).
(A) Concealed. RTRC shall be permitted in walls, floors, and ceilings.
(B) Corrosive Influences. RTRC shall be permitted in loca- tions subject to severe corrosive influences as covered in 300.6 and where subject to chemicals for which the materials are specifically approved.
(C) Cinders. RTRC shall be permitted in cinder fill.
(D) Wet Locations. RTRC shall be permitted in portions of dairies, laundries, cannerics, or other wet locations, and in locations where walls are frequently washed, the entire conduit system, including boxes and fittings used therewith, shall be installed and equipped so as to prevent water from entering the conduit. All supports, bolts, straps, screws, and so forth, shall be of corrosion-resistant materials or be protected against corrosion by approved corrosion-resistant materials.
(E) Dry and Damp Locations. RTRC shall be permitted for use in dry and damp locations not prohibited by 355.12.
(F) Exposed. RTRC shall be permitted for exposed work if identified for such usc.
Informational Note: RTRC, Type XW, is identified for areas of physical damage.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-241
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
355.10
ARTICLE 355 - REINFORCED THERMOSETTING RESIN CONDUIT (RTRC)
(G) Underground Installations. For underground installa- tions, scc 300.5 and 305.15.
(H) Support of Conduit Bodies. RTRC shall be permitted to support nonmetallic conduit bodies not larger than the largest trade size of an entering raceway. These conduit bodies shall not support luminaires or other equipment and shall not contain devices other than splicing devices as permitted by 110.14(B) and 314.16(C) (2).
(I) Insulation Temperature Limitations. Conductors or cables rated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of RTRC conduit shall be permitted to be installed in RTRC conduit, if the conductors or cables are not operated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of the RTRC conduit.
355.12 Uses Not Permitted. RTRC shall not be used under the following conditions.
(A) Hazardous (Classified) Locations.
(1) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
(2) In Class I, Division 2 locations, except as permitted in 501.10(B) (1) (6)
(B) Support of Luminaires. For the support of luminaires or other equipment not described in 355.10(H).
(C) Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage unless identified for such usc.
(D) Ambient Temperatures. Where subject to ambient temperatures in excess of 50 (122°F) unless listed otherwise.
(E) Theaters and Similar Locations. In theaters and similar locations, except as provided in 518.4 and 520.5.
355.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. RTRC smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/2) shall not be used.
(B) Maximum. RTRC larger than metric designator 155 (trade size 6) shall not be used.
Informational Note: See 300.1(C) for the trade sizes and metric designators that are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
355.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chapter 9. Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable arti- cles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chapter 9.
355.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends shall be so made that the conduit will not be damaged and the internal diameter of the conduit will not be effectively reduced. Field bends shall be made only with identified bending equipment. The radius of the curve to the centerline of such bends shall not be less than shown in Table 2, Chapter 9.
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
355.28 Trimming. All cut ends shall be trimmed inside and outside to remove rough edges.
355.30 Securing and Supporting. RTRC shall be installed as a complete system in accordance with 300.18 and shall be securely fastened in place and supported in accordance with 355.30(A) and (B).
(A) Securely Fastened. RTRC shall be securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of cach outlet box, junction box, device box, conduit body, or other conduit termination. Conduit listed for sccuring at other than 900 mm (3 ft) shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with the listing.
(B) Supports. RTRC shall be supported as required in Table 355.30(B). Conduit listed for support at spacing other than as shown in Table 355.30(B) shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with the listing. Horizontal runs of RTRC suppor- ted by openings through framing members at intervals not exceeding those in Table 355.30(B) and securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of termination points shall be permitted.
355.44 Expansion Fittings. Expansion fittings for RTRC shall be provided to compensate for thermal expansion and contrac- tion where the length change, in accordance with Table 355.44, is expected to be 6 mm (1/4. in.) or greater in a straight run between securely mounted items such as boxes, cabinets, elbows, or other conduit terminations.
355.46 Bushings. Where a conduit enters a box, fitting, or other enclosure, a bushing or adapter shall be provided to protect the wire from abrasion unless the box, fitting, or enclo- sure design provides equivalent protection.
Informational Note: See 300.4(G) for the protection of conduc- tors 4 AWG and larger at bushings.
355.48 Joints. All joints between lengths of conduit, and between conduit and couplings, fitting, and boxes, shall be made by an approved method.
355.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
355.60 Grounding. Where equipment grounding is required, a separate grounding conductor shall be installed in the conduit.
Exception No. 1: The equipment grounding conductor shall be permit- ted to be run separately from the circuit conductors as permitted in 250.134, Exception No. 2, for de cirruits and 250.134, Exception No. 1, for separately run equipment grounding conductors.
Exception No. 2: An equipment grounding conductor shall not be required where the grounded conductor is used to ground equipment as in 250.142(A).
Table 355.30(B) Support of Reinforced Thermosetting Resin Conduit (RTRC)
Conduit Size
Maximum Spacing Between Supports
Metric Designator
Trade Size
mm or m
ft
16-27
1/4-1
900 mm
3
35-53
114-2
1.5 m
5
63-78
21/2-3
1.8 m
6
91-129
31/4-5
2.1 m
7
155
6
2.5 m
8
70-242
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
356.10
ARTICLE 356 -LIQUIDTIGHT FLEXIBLE NONMETALLIC CONDUIT (LFNC)
Table 355.44 Expansion Characteristics of Reinforced Thermosetting Resin Conduit (RTRC) Coefficient of Thermal Expansion = 2.7 x 10-5 mm/mm/° (1.5 x 10-5 in./in./°F)
Temperature Change (C)
Length Change of RTRC Conduit (mm/m)
Temperature Change (ºF)
Length Change of RTRC Conduit (in./100 ft)
Temperature Change (ºF)
Length Change of RTRC Conduit (in./100 ft)
5
0.14
5
0.09
105
1.89
10
0.27
10
0.18
110
1.98
15
0.41
15
0.27
115
2.07
20
0.54
20
0.36
120
2.16
25
0.68
25
0.45
125
2.25
30
0.81
30
0.54
130
2.34
35
0.95
35
0.63
135
2.43
40
1.08
40
0.72
140
2.52
45
1.22
45
0.81
145
2.61
50
1.35
50
0.90
150
2.70
55
1.49
55
0.99
155
2.79
60
1.62
60
1.08
160
2.88
65
1.76
65
1.17
165
2.97
70
1.89
70
1.26
170
3.06
75
2.03
75
1.35
175
3.15
80
2.16
80
1.44
180
3.24
85
2.30
85
1.53
185
3.33
90
2.43
90
1.62
190
3.42
95
2.57
95
1.71
195
3.51
100
2.70
100
1.80
200
3.60
Part III. Construction Specifications
355.100 Construction. RTRCand fittings shall be composed of suitable nonmetallic material that is resistant to moisture and chemical atmospheres. For use aboveground, it shall also be flame retardant, resistant to impact and crushing, resistant to distortion from heat under conditions likely to be encountered in service, and resistant to low temperature and sunlight effects. For use underground, the material shall be acceptably resistant to moisture and corrosive agents and shall be of suffi- cient strength to withstand abuse, such as by impact and crush- ing, in handling and during installation. Where intended for direct burial, without encasement in concrete, the material shall also be capable of withstanding continued loading that is likely to be encountered after installation.
355.120 Marking. Each length of RTRC shall be clearly and durably marked atleast every 3 m (10 ft) as required in the first sentence of 110.21(A). The type of material shall also be inclu- ded in the marking unless it is visually identifiable. For conduit recognized for use aboveground, these markings shall be permanent. For conduit limited to underground use only, these markings shall be sufficiently durable to remain legible until the material is installed. Conduit shall be permitted to be surface marked to indicate special characteristics of the mate- rial.
Informational Note: Examples of these markings include but are not limited to "limited smoke" and "sunlight resistant."
ARTICLE 356 Liquidtight Flexible Nonmetallic Conduit (LFNC)
Part I. General
356.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC) and associated fittings.
356.6 Listing Requirements. LFNC and associatedfittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
356.10 Uses Permitted. LFNC shall be permitted to be used in exposed or concealed locations for the following purposes:
(1) Where flexibility is required for installation, operation, or maintenance.
(2) Where protection of the contained conductors is required from vapors, machine oils, liquids, or solids.
(3) For outdoor locations where listed and marked as suitable for the purpose.
(4) For direct burial where listed and marked for the purposc.
(5) Installed in lengths longer than 1.8 m (6 ft) where secured in accordance with 356.30.
(6) LFNC-B as a listed manufactured prewired assembly, metric designator 16 through 27 (trade size 1/2 through I) conduit.
(7) For encasement in concrete where listed for direct burial and installed in compliance with 356.42.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-243
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
356.12
ARTICLE 356 - LIQUIDTIGHT FLEXIBLE NONMETALLIC CONDUIT (LFNC)
(8) In locations subject to severe corrosive influences as covered in 300.6 and where subject to chemicals for which the materials are specifically approved.
(9) Conductors or cables rated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of LFNC shall be permitted to be installed in LFNC, provided the conductors or cables are not operated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of the LFNC.
Informational Note: Extreme cold can cause some types of nonmetallic conduits to become brittle and therefore more susceptible to damage from physical contact.
356.12 Uses Not Permitted. LFNC shall not be used as follows:
(1) Where subject to physical damage
(2) Where any combination of ambient and conductor temperatures is in excess of that for which it is listed
(3) In lengths longer than 1.8 m (6 ft), except as permitted by 356.10(5) or where a longer length is approved as essential for a required degree of flexibility
(4) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
356.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. LFNC smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/9) shall not be used unless permitted for metric designator 12 (trade size 3/g) as follows:
(1) For enclosing the leads of motors as permitted in 430.245(B)
(2) In lengths not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) as part of a listed assembly for tap connections to luminaires as required in 410.117(C), or for utilization equipment
(B) Maximum. LFNC larger than metric designator 103 (trade size 4) shall not be used.
Informational Note: See 300.1(C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
356.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chapter 9.
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chapter 9.
356.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends in conduit shall be so made that the conduit is not damaged and the internal diameter of the conduit is not effectively reduced. Bends shall be permitted to be made manually without auxiliary equipment. The radius of the curve to the centerline of any bend shall not be less than shown in Table 2, Chapter 9 using the column "Other Bends."
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a conduit run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
356.28 Trimming. All cut ends of conduit shall be trimmed inside and outside to remove rough edges.
356.30 Securing and Supporting. LFNC shall be securely fastened and supported in accordance with one of the follow- ing:
(1) Where installed in lengths exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft), the conduit shall be securely fastened at intervals not exceed- ing 900 mm (3 ft) and within 300 mm (12 in.) on cach side of every outlet box, junction box, cabinet, or fitting. Where used, cable ties shall be listed for the application and for securing and supporting.
(2) Securing or supporting of the conduit shall not be required where it is fished, installed in lengths not exceeding 900 mm (3 ft) at terminals where flexibility is required, or installed in lengths not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) from a luminaire terminal connection for tap conductors to luminaires permitted in 410.117(C).
(3) Horizontal runs of LFNC supported by openings through framing members at intervals not exceeding 900 mm (3 ft) and securely fastened within 300 mm (12 in.) of termination points shall be permitted.
(4) Securing or supporting of LFNC shall not be required where installed in lengths not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) from the last point where the raceway is securely fastened for connections within an accessible ceiling to a lumin- aire(s) or other equipment. For the purpose of 356.30, listed liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit fittings shall be permitted as a means of support.
356.42 Couplings and Connectors. Only fittings listed for use with LFNC shall be used. Angle connectors shall not be used for concealed raceway installations. Straight LFNC fittings arc permitted for direct burial or encasement in concrete.
356.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
356.60 Grounding. Where equipment grounding is required, a separate grounding conductor shall be installed in the conduit.
Exception No. 1: The equipment grounding conductor shall be permit- ted to be run separately from the circuit conductors as permitted in 250.134, Exception No. 2, for de circuits and 250.134, Exception No. 1, for separately run equipment grounding conductors.
Exception No. 2: The equipment grounding conductor shall not be required where the grounded conductor is used to ground equipment as permitted in 250.142.
Part III. Construction Specifications
356.100 Construction. LFNC-B as a prewired manufactured assembly shall be provided in continuous lengths capable of being shipped in a coil, reel, or carton without damage.
356.120 Marking. LFNC shall be marked at least every 600 mm (2 ft) in accordance with 110.21. The marking shall include a type designation in accordance with the definition of Conduit, Liquidtight Flexible Nonmetallic (LFNC) in Article 100 and the trade size. Conduit that is intended for outdoor use or direct burial shall be marked.
The type, size, and quantity of conductors used in prewired manufactured assemblies shall be identified by means of a prin- ted tag or label attached to cach end of the manufactured assembly and cither the carton, coil, or recl. The enclosed conductors shall be marked in accordance with 310.8.
70-244
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
358.30
ARTICLE 358 - ELECTRICAL METALLIC TUBING (EMT)
ARTICLE 358 Electrical Metallic Tubing (EMT)
Part I. General
358.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for electrical metallic tubing (EMT) and associated fittings.
358.6 Listing Requirements. EMT, factory elbows, and associ- ated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
358.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) Exposed and Concealed. The use of EMT shall be permit- ted for both exposed and concealed work for the following:
(1) In concrete, in direct contact with the carth, in direct burial applications with fittings identified for direct burial, or in arcas subject to severe corrosive influences where installed in accordance with 358.10(B)
(2) In dry, damp, and wet locations
(3) In any hazardous (classified) location as permitted by other articles in this Code
(4) For manufactured wiring systems as permitted in 604.100(A) (2)
(B) Corrosive Environments.
(1) Galvanized Steel and Stainless Steel EMT, Elbows, and Fittings. Galvanized steel and stainless steel EMT, elbows, and fittings shall be permitted to be installed in concrete, in direct contact with the carth, or in arcas subject to severe corrosive influences where protected by corrosion protection and approved as suitable for the condition.
(2) Supplementary Protection of Aluminum EMT. Aluminum EMT shall be provided with approved supplementary corrosion protection where encased in concrete or in direct contact with the carth.
(C) Cinder Fill. Galvanized steel and stainless steel EMT shall be permitted to be installed in cinder concrete or cinder fill where subject to permanent moisture when protected on all sides by a layer of noncinder concrete at least 50 mm (2 in.) thick or when the tubing is installed at least 450 mm (18 in.) under the fill.
(D) Wet Locations. All supports, bolts, straps, screws, and so forth shall be of corrosion-resistant materials or protected against corrosion by corrosion-resistant materials.
Informational Note: See 300.6 for protection against corrosion.
(E) Physical Damage. Steel and stainless steel EMT shall be permitted to be installed where subject to physical damage.
358.12 Uses Not Permitted. EMT shall not be used under the following conditions:
(1) Where subject to severe physical damage
(2) For the support of luminaires or other equipment except conduit bodies no larger than the largest trade size of the tubing
358.14 Dissimilar Metals. Where practicable, dissimilar metals in contact anywhere in the system shall be avoided to eliminate the possibility of galvanic action.
Stainless steel and aluminum fittings and enclosures shall be permitted to be used with galvanized steel EMT, and galvanized steel fittings and enclosures shall be permitted to be used with aluminum EMT where not subject to severe corrosive influen- ccs.
Stainless steel EMT shall only be used with the following:
(1) Stainless steel fittings
(2) Stainless steel boxes and enclosures
(3) Steel (galvanized, painted, powder or PVC coated, and so forth) boxes and enclosures when not subject to severe corrosive influences
(4) Stainless steel, nonmetallic, or approved accessories
358.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. EMT smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/2) shall not be used.
Exception: Metric designator 12 (trade size 3/3) shall be permitted for enclosing the leads of motors as permitted in 430.245(B).
(B) Maximum. The maximum size of EMT shall be metric designator 155 (trade size 6).
Informational Note: See 300.1(C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
358.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
358.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends shall be made so that the tubing is not damaged and the internal diameter of the tubing is not effec- tively reduced. The radius of the curve of any field bend to the centerline of the tubing shall not be less than shown in Table 2, Chapter 9 for one-shot and full shoc benders.
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a tubing run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
358.28 Reaming and Threading.
(A) Reaming. All cut ends of EMT shall be reamed or other- wise finished to remove rough edges.
(B) Threading. EMT shall not be threaded.
Exception: EMT with factory threaded integral couplings complying with 358.100 shall be permitted.
358.30 Securing and Supporting. EMT shall be installed as a complete system in accordance with 300.18 and shall be securely fastened in place and supported in accordance with 358.30(A) and (B).
(A) Securely Fastened. EMT shall be securely fastened in place in accordance with the following:
(1) At intervals not to exceed 3 m (10 ft)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-245
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 360 - FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBING (FMT)
358.30
(2) Within 900 mm (3 ft) of cach outlet box, junction box, device box, cabinet, conduit body, or other tubing termi- nation
Exception No. 1: Fastening of unbroken lengths shall be permitted to be increased to a distance of 1.5 m (5 ft) where structural members do not readily permit fastening within 900 mm (3 ft).
Exception No. 2: For concealed work in finished buildings or prefin- ished wall panels where such securing is impracticable, unbroken lengths (without coupling) of EMT shall be permitted to be fished.
(B) Supports. Horizontal runs of EMT supported by openings through framing members at intervals not greater than 3 m (10 ft) and securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of termina- tion points shall be permitted.
358.42 Couplings and Connectors. Couplings and connectors used with EMT shall be made up tight. Where buried in masonry or concrete, they shall be concretetight type. Where installed in wet locations, they shall comply with 314.15.
358.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
358.60 Grounding. EMT shall be permitted as an equipment grounding conductor.
Part III. Construction Specifications
358.100 Construction. EMT shall be made of one of the following:
(1) Steel with protective coatings
(2) Aluminum
(3) Stainless steel
358.120 Marking. EMT shall be clearly and durably marked at Icast every 3 m (10 ft) as required in the first sentence of 110.21(A).
ARTICLE 360 Flexible Metallic Tubing (FMT)
Part I. General
360.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for flexible metallic tubing (FMT) and associated fittings.
360.6 Listing Requirements. FMT and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
360.10 Uses Permitted. FMT shall be permitted to be used for branch circuits as follows:
(1) In dry locations
(2) Where concealed
(3) In accessible locations
(4) For system voltages of 1000 volts maximum
360.12 Uses Not Permitted. FMT shall not be used as follows:
(1) In hoistways
(2) In storage battery rooms
(3) In hazardous (classified) locations unless otherwise permitted under other articles in this Code
(4) Underground for direct carth burial, or embedded in poured concrete or aggregate
(5) Where subject to physical damage
(6) In lengths over 1.8 m (6 ft)
360.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. FMT smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/9) shall not be used.
Exception No. 1: FMT of metric designator 12 (trade size 3/s) shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with 300.22(B) and (C).
Exception No. 2: FMT of metric designator 12 (trade size 3/s) shall be permitted in lengths not in excess of 1.8 m (6 ft) as part of a listed assembly or for luminaires. See 410.117(C).
(B) Maximum. The maximum size of FMT shall be metric designator 21 (trade size 3/4).
Informational Note: See 300.1(C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
360.22 Number of Conductors.
(A) FMT - Metric Designators 16 and 21 (Trade Sizes 1/2 and 3/4). The number of conductors in metric designators 16 (trade size ) and 21 (trade size 3/4) shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chapter 9.
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chapter 9.
(B) FMT - Metric Designator 12 (Trade Size 3/8). The number of conductors in metric designator 12 (trade size 3%) shall not exceed that permitted in Table 348.22.
360.24 Bends.
(A) Infrequent Flexing Use. When FMT is infrequently flexed in service after installation, the radii of bends measured to the inside of the bend shall not be less than specified in Table 360.24(A).
Table 360.24(A) Minimum Radii for Flexing Use
Minimum Radii for Flexing Use
Metric Designator
Trade Size
mm
in.
12
254.0
10
16
1%
317.5
121/2
21
S/
444.5
171/9
(B) Fixed Bends. Where FMT is bent for installation purposes and is not flexed or bent as required by use after installation, the radii of bends measured to the inside of the bend shall not be less than specified in Table 360.24(B).
360.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made in accordance with 300.15.
70-246
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
362.12
ARTICLE 362 -ELECTRICAL NONMETALLICTUBING (ENT)
Table 360.24(B) Minimum Radii for Fixed Bends
Minimum Radii for Fixed Bends
Metric Designator
Trade Size
mm
in.
12
3%
88.9
16
1/42
101.6
4
21
127.0
5
360.60 Grounding. FMT shall be permitted as an equipment grounding conductor where installed in accordance with 250.118(A) (7).
Part III. Construction Specifications
360.120 Marking. FMT shall be marked according to 110.21.
ARTICLE 362 Electrical Nonmetallic Tubing (ENT)
Part I. General
362.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for electrical nonmetallic tubing (ENT) and associated fittings.
362.2 Reconditioned Equipment. ENT shall not be recondi- tioned.
362.6 Listing Requirements. ENT and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
362.10 Uses Permitted. For the purpose. of this article, the first floor of a building shall be that floor that has 50 percent or more of the exterior wall surface arca level with or above finished grade. One additional level that is the first level and not designed for human habitation and used only for vehicle parking, storage, or similar use shall be permitted. The use of ENT and fittings shall be permitted in the following:
(1) In any building not exceeding three floors above grade as follows:
a. For exposed work, where not prohibited by 362.12 b. Concealed within walls, floors, and ceilings
(2) In any building exceeding three floors above grade concealed within combustible or noncombustible walls, floors, and ceilings where the walls, floors, and ceilings provide a thermal barrier of material that has at least a 15-minute finish rating as identified in listings of fire- rated assemblies.
Exception to (2): Where an approved automatic fire protective system(s) is installed on all floors, ENT shall be permitted to be used within walls, floors, and ceilings, exposed or concealed, in buildings exceeding three floors above grade.
Informational Note No. 1: A finish rating is established for assemblies containing combustible (wood) supports. The finish rating is defined as the time at which the wood stud or wood joist reaches an average temperature rise of 121°C (250ºF) or an individual temperature of 163°C (325°F) as measured on the plane of the wood nearest the fire. A finish rating is not intended to repre- sent a rating for a membrane ceiling.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 13-2022, Standard for the Installation of Sprinkler Systems, a recognized fire sprinkler system (s) standard.
(3) In locations subject to severe corrosive influences as covered in 300.6 and where subject to chemicals for which the materials are specifically approved.
(4) In concealed, dry, and damp locations not prohibited by 362.12.
(5) Above suspended ceilings where the suspended ceilings provide a thermal barrier of material that has at least a 15-minute finish rating as identified in listings of fire- rated assemblies, except as permitted in 362.10(1)a.
Exception to (5): ENT shall be permitted to be used above suspended ceilings in buildings exceeding three floors above grade where the building is protected throughout by an approved automatic fire protective system.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 13-2022, Standard for the Installation of Sprinkler Systems, a recognized fire sprinkler system(s) standard.
(6) Encased in poured concrete floors, ceilings, walls, and slabs.
(7) Embedded in a concrete slab on grade where ENT is placed on sand or approved screenings, provided fittings identified for this purpose are used for connections.
(8) For wet locations as permitted in this section or in a concrete slab on or belowgrade, with fittings listed for the purpose.
(9) Metric designator 16 through 27 (trade size 1/2 through 1) as listed manufactured prewired assembly.
(10) With conductors or cables rated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of ENT if the conduc- tors or cables are not operated at a temperature higher than the listed temperature rating of the ENT.
362.12 Uses Not Permitted. ENT shall not be used in the following:
(1) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
(2) For the support of luminaires and other equipment
(3) Where subject to ambient temperatures in excess of 50 (122ºF) unless listed otherwise
(4) For direct carth burial
(5) In exposed locations, except as permitted by 362.10(1), 362.10(5), and 362.10(8)
(6) In theaters and similar locations, except as provided in 518.4 and 520.5
(7) Where exposed to the direct rays of the sun, unless identi- ficd as sunlight resistant
(8) Where subject to physical damage
Informational Note: Extreme cold may cause some types of nonmetallic conduits to become brittle and therefore more susceptible to damage from physical contact.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-247
362.20
ARTICLE 366 - AUXILIARY GUTTERS
362.20 Size.
(A) Minimum. ENT smaller than metric designator 16 (trade size 1/9) shall not be used.
(B) Maximum. ENT larger than metric designator 63 (trade size 21/2) shall not be used.
Informational Note: See 300.1 (C) for the metric designators and trade sizes. These are for identification purposes only and do not relate to actual dimensions.
362.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall not exceed that permitted by the percentage fill in Table I, Chapter 9.
Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles. The number of cables shall not exceed the allowable percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
362.24 Bends.
(A) How Made. Bends shall be so made that the tubing will not be damaged and the internal diameter of the tubing will not be effectively reduced. Bends shall be permitted to be made manually without auxiliary equipment, and the radius of the curve to the centerline of such bends shall not be less than shown in Table 2, Chapter 9 using the column "Other Bends."
(B) Number in One Run. The total degrees of bends in a tubing run shall not exceed 360 degrees between pull points.
362.28 Trimming. All cut ends shall be trimmed inside and outside to remove rough edges.
362.30 Securing and Supporting. ENT shall be installed as a complete system in accordance with 300.18 and shall bc securely fastened in place by an approved means and suppor- ted in accordance with 362.30(A) and (B).
(A) Securely Fastened. ENT shall be securely fastened at inter- vals not exceeding 900 mm (3 ft). In addition, ENT shall be securely fastened in place within 900 mm (3 ft) of cach outlet box, device box, junction box, cabinet, or fitting where it termi- nates. Where used, cable ties shall be listed for the application and for securing and supporting.
Exception No. 1: Lengths not exceeding a distance of 1.8 m (6 ft) from a luminaire terminal connection for tap,connections to lighting lumin- aires shall be permitted without being secured.
Exception No. 2: Lengthsi vot exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) from the last point where the raceway is securely fastened for connections within an accessi- ble ceiling to luminaire(s) or other equipment.
Exception No. 3: For concealed work in finished buildings or prefin- ished wall panels where such securing is impracticable, unbroken lengths (without coupling) of ENT shall be permitted to be fished.
(B) Supports. Horizontal runs of ENT supported by openings in framing members at intervals not exceeding 900 mm (3 ft) and securely fastened within 900 mm (3 ft) of termination points shall be permitted.
362.46 Bushings. Where a tubing enters a box, fitting, or other enclosure, a bushing or adapter shall be provided to protect the wire from abrasion unless the box, fitting, or enclo- sure design provides equivalent protection.
Informnational Note: See 300.4(G) for the protection of conduc- tors size 4 AWG or larger.
362.48 Joints. All joints between lengths of tubing and between tubing and couplings, fittings, and boxes shall be by an approved method.
362.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made only in accordance with 300.15.
362.60 Grounding. Where equipment grounding is required, a separate grounding conductor shall be installed in the race- way in compliance with Article 250, Part VI.
Exception No. 1: The equipment grounding conductor shall be permit- ted to be run separately from the raceway where used for grounding dc circuits as permitted in 250.134, Exception No. 2.
Exception No. 2: The equipment grounding conductor shall not be required where the grounded conductor is used as part of the effective ground-fault path as permitted in 250.142.
Part III. Construction Specifications
362.100 Construction. ENT shall be made of material that docs not exceed the ignitibility, flammability, smoke genera- tion, and toxicity characteristics of rigid (nonplasticized) poly- vinyl chloride.
ENT, as a prewired manufactured assembly, shall be provi- ded in continuous lengths capable of being shipped in a coil, reel, or carton without damage.
362.120 Marking. ENT shall be clearly and durably marked at Icast every 3 m (10 ft) as required in the first sentence of 110.21(A). The type of material shall also be included in the marking. Marking for limited smoke shall be permitted on the tubing that has limited smoke-producing characteristics.
The type, size, and quantity of conductors used in prewired manufactured assemblies shall be identified by means of a prin- ted tag or label attached to cach end of the manufactured assembly and cither the carton, coil, or recl. The enclosed conductors shall be marked in accordance with 310.8.
ARTICLE 366 Auxiliary Gutters
Part I. General
366.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction requirements of metal auxiliary gutters and nonmetallic auxiliary gutters and associated fittings.
366.6 Listing Requirements.
(A) Outdoors. Nonmetallic auxiliary gutters installed outdoors shall be listed for all of the following conditions:
(1) Exposure to sunlight
(2) L'sc in wet locations
(3) Maximum ambient temperature of the installation
(B) Indoors. Nonmetallic auxiliary gutters installed indoors shall be listed for the maximum ambient temperature of the installation.
70-248
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
366.60
ARTICLE 366 - AUXILIARY GUTTERS
Part II. Installation
366.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) Sheet Metal Auxiliary Gutters.
(1) Indoor and Outdoor Use. Sheet metal auxiliary gutters shall be permitted for indoor and outdoor use.
(2) Wet Locations. Sheet metal auxiliary gutters installed in wet locations shall be suitable for such locations.
(B) Nonmetallic Auxiliary Gutters. Nonmetallic auxiliary gutters shall be listed for the maximum ambient temperature of the installation and marked for the installed conductor insu- lation temperature rating.
Informational Note: Extreme cold may cause nonmetallic auxili- ary gutters to become brittle and therefore more susceptible to damage from physical contact.
(1) Outdoors. Nonmetallic auxiliary gutters shall be permitted to be installed outdoors where listed and marked as suitable for the purpose.
(2) Indoors. Nonmetallic auxiliary gutters shall be permitted to be installed indoors.
(C) Extended Distance of Auxiliary Gutters. Auxiliary gutters shall be permitted to extend a distance not greater than 9 m (30 ft) beyond the equipment that it supplements.
Exception: Where used in accordance with 620.35 for elevators, an auxiliary gutter shall be permitted to extend a distance greater than 9 m (30 ft) beyond the equipment it supplements.
366.12 Uses Not Permitted. Auxiliary gutters shall not be used to enclose switches, overcurrent devices, appliances, or other similar equipment.
366.20 Conductors Connected in Parallel. Where single conductor cables comprising cach phase, neutral, or grounded conductor of an alternating-current circuit are connected in parallel as permitted in 310.10(G), the conductors shall be installed in groups consisting of not more than one conductor per phase, neutral, or grounded conductor to prevent current imbalance in the paralleled conductors due to inductive reac- tance.
366.22 Number of Conductors.
(A) Sheet Metal Auxiliary Gutters. The sum of the cross- sectional arcas of all contained conductors and cables at any cross section of a sheet metal auxiliary gutter shall not exceed 20 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the sheet metal auxiliary gutter.
(B) Nonmetallic Auxiliary Gutters. The sum of cross-sectional arcas of all contained conductors and cables at any cross section of the nonmetallic auxiliary gutter shall not exceed 20 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the nonmetal- lic auxiliary gutter.
366.23 Ampacity of Conductors.
(A) Sheet Metal Auxiliary Gutters. The adjustment factors in 310.15(C)(1) shall be applied only where the number of current-carrying conductors, including neutral conductors classified as current-carrying under 310.15(E), exceeds 30 at any cross section of the sheet metal auxiliary gutter. Conduc- tors for signaling circuits or controller conductors between a motor and its starter and used only for starting duty shall not
be considered as current-carrying conductors. The current carried continuously in bare copper bars in sheet metal auxili- ary gutters shall not exceed 1.55 amperes/mm2 (1000 amperes/in.2) of cross section of the conductor. For aluminum bars, the current carried continuously shall not exceed 1.09 amperes/mm2 (700 amperes/in.2) of cross section of the conductor.
(B) Nonmetallic Auxiliary Gutters. The adjustment factors specified in 310.15(C)(1) shall be applicable to the current- carrying conductors up to and including the 20 percent fill specified in 366.22(B).
366.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Sheet Metal Auxiliary Gutters. Sheet metal auxiliary gutters shall be supported and secured throughout their entire length at intervals not exceeding 1.5 m (5 ft).
(B) Nonmetallic Auxiliary Gutters. Nonmetallic auxiliary gutters shall be supported and secured at intervals not to exceed 900 mm (3 ft) and at cach end or joint, unless listed for other support intervals. In no case shall the distance between supports exceed 3 in (10 ft).
366.44 Expansion Fittings. Expansion fittings shall be installed where expected length change, due to expansion and contrac- tion duc to temperature change, is more than 6 mm (0.25 in.).
366.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall comply with 366.56(A) through (D).
(A) Within Gutters. Splices or taps shall be permitted within gutters where they are accessible by means of removable covers or doors. The conductors, including splices and taps, shall not fill the gutter to more than 75 percent of its arca.
(B) Bare Conductors. Taps from barc conductors shall Icave the gutter opposite their terminal connections, and conductors shall not be brought in contact with uninsulated current- carrying parts of different voltages.
(C) Suitably Identified. All taps shall be suitably identified at the gutter as to the circuit or equipment that they supply.
(D) Overcurrent Protection. Tap connections from conduc- tors in auxiliary gutters shall be provided with overcurrent protection as required in 240.21.
366.58 Insulated Conductors.
(A) Deflected Insulated Conductors. Where insulated conduc- tors are deflected within an auxiliary gutter, cither at the ends or where conduits, fittings, or other raceways or cables enter or leave the gutter, or where the direction of the gutter is deflec- ted greater than 30 degrees, dimensions corresponding to one wirc per terminal in Table 312.6(A) shall apply.
(B) Auxiliary Gutters Used as Pull Boxes. Where insulated conductors 4 AWG or larger are pulled through an auxiliary gutter, the distance between raceway and cable entries enclos- ing the same conductor shall not be less than that required in 314.28(A) (1) for straight pulls and 314.28(A) (2) for angle pulls.
366.60 Grounding. Metal auxiliary gutters shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor(s), to an equipment bonding jumper, or to the grounded conductor where permit- ted or required by 250.92(B) (1) or 250.142.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-249
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
366.100
ARTICLE 368 - BUSWAYS
Part III. Construction Specifications
366.100 Construction.
(A) Electrical and Mechanical Continuity. Gutters shall be constructed and installed so that adequate electrical and mechanical continuity of the complete system is secured.
(B) Substantial Construction. Gutters shall be of substantial construction and shall provide a complete enclosure for the contained conductors. All surfaces, both interior and exterior, shall be suitably protected from corrosion. Corner joints shall be made tight, and where the assembly is held together by rivets, bolts, or screws, such fasteners shall be spaced not more than 300 mm (12 in.) apart.
(C) Smooth Rounded Edges. Suitable bushings, shields, or fittings having smooth, rounded edges shall be provided where conductors pass between gutters, through partitions, around bends, between gutters and cabinets or junction boxes, and at other locations where necessary to prevent abrasion of the insu- lation of the conductors.
(D) Covers. Covers shall be securely fastened to the gutter.
(E) Clearance of Bare Live Parts. Barc conductors shall be securely and rigidly supported so that the minimum clearance between bare current-carrying metal parts of different voltages mounted on the same surface will not be less than 50 mm (2 in.), nor less than 25 mm (1 in.) for parts that are held frec in the air. A clearance not less than 25 mm (1 in.) shall be secured between bare current-carrying metal parts and any metal surface. Adequate provisions shall be made for the expansion and contraction of busbars.
366.120 Marking.
(A) Outdoors. Nonmetallic auxiliary gutters installed outdoors shall have the following markings:
(1) Suitable for exposure to sunlight
(2) Suitable for use in wet locations (3) Installed conductor insulation temperature rating
(B) Indoors. Nonmetallic auxiliary gutters installed indoors shall be marked with the installed conductor insulation temperature rating.
ARTICLE 368 Busways
Part I. General
368.1 Scope. This article covers service-entrance, feeder, and branch-circuit busways and associated fittings.
Part II. Installation
368.10 Uses Permitted. Busways shall be permitted to be installed where they are located in accordance with 368.10(A) through (C).
Informational Note: See 300.21 for information concerning the spread of fire or products of combustion.
(A) Exposed. Busways shall be permitted to be located in the open where visible, except as permitted in 368.10(C).
(B) Behind Access Panels. Busways shall be permitted to be installed behind access panels, provided the busways are totally enclosed, of nonventilating-type construction, and installed so that the joints between sections and at fittings are accessible for maintenance purposes. Where installed behind access panels, means of access shall be provided, and cither of the following conditions shall be met:
(1) The space behind the access panels shall not be used for air-handling purposes.
(2) Where the space behind the access panels is used for environmental air, other than ducts and plenums, there shall be no provisions for plug-in connections, and the conductors shall be insulated.
(C) Through Walls and Floors. Busways shall be permitted to be installed through walls or floors in accordance with 368.10(C) (1) and (C) (2).
(1) Walls. Unbroken lengths of busway shall be permitted to be extended through dry walls.
(2) Floors. Floor penetrations shall comply with 368.10(C) (2) (a) and (C) (2) (b).
(a) Busways shall be permitted to be extended vertically through dry floors if totally enclosed (unventilated) where passing through and for a minimum distance of 1.8 m (6 ft) above the floor to provide adequate protection from physical damage.
(b) In other than industrial establishments, where a verti- cal riser penetrates two or more dry floors, a minimum 100-mm (4-in.) high curb shall be installed around all floor openings for riser busways to prevent liquids from entering the opening. The curb shall be installed within 300 mm (12 in.) of the floor opening. Electrical equipment shall be located so that it will not be damaged by liquids that are retained by the curb.
368.12 Uses Not Permitted.
(A) Physical Damage. Busways shall not be installed where subject to severe physical damage or corrosive vapors.
(B) Hoistways. Busways shall not be installed in hoistways.
(C) Hazardous Locations. Busways shall not be installed in any hazardous (classified) location, unless specifically approved for such usc.
Informational Note: See 501.10(B).
(D) Wet Locations. Busways shall not be installed outdoors or in wet or damp locations unless identified for such usc.
(E) Working Platform. Lighting busway and trolley busway shall not be installed less than 2.5 m (8 ft) above the floor or working platform unless provided with an identified cover.
368.17 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection shall be provided in accordance with 368.17(A) through (D).
(A) Rating of Overcurrent Protection - Feeders. A busway shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with the current rating of the busway.
Exception No. 1: The applicable provisions of 240.4 shall be permitted. Exception No. 2: Where used as transformer secondary ties, 450.6(A) (3) shall be permitted.
70-250
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 368 - BUSWAYS
368.234
(B) Reduction in Ampacity Size of Busway. Overcurrent protection shall be required where busways are reduced in ampacity.
Exception: For industrial establishments only, omission of overcurrent protection shall be permitted at points where busways are reduced in ampacity, provided that the length of the busway having the smaller ampacity does not exceed 15 m (50 ft) and has an ampacity at least equal to one-third the rating or setting of the overcurrent device next back on the line, and provided that such busway is free from contact with combustible material.
(C) Feeder or Branch Circuits. Where a busway is used as a feeder, devices or plug-in connections for tapping off feeder or branch circuits from the busway shall contain the overcurrent devices required for the protection of the feeder or branch circuits. The plug-in device shall consist of an externally opera- ble circuit breaker or an externally operable fusible switch. Where such devices are mounted out of reach and contain disconnecting means, suitable means such as ropes, chains, or sticks shall be provided for operating the disconnecting means from the floor.
Exception No. 1: As permitted in 240.21.
Exception No. 2: For fixed or semifixed luminaires, where the branch- circuit overcurrent device is part of the luminaire cord plug on cord- connected luminaires.
Exception No. 3: Where luminaires without cords are plugged directly into the busway and the overcurrent device is mounted on the lumin- aire.
Exception No. 4: Where the branch-circuit overcurrent plug-in device is directly supplying a readily accessible disconnect, a method of floor oper- ation shall not be required.
(D) Rating of Overcurrent Protection - Branch Circuits. A busway used as a branch circuit shall be protected against over- current in accordance with 210.20.
368.30 Support. Busways shall be securely supported at inter- vals not exceeding 1.5 m (5 ft) unless otherwise designed and marked.
368.56 Branches from Busways. Branches from busways shall be permitted to be made in accordance with 368.56(A), (B), and (C).
(A) General. Branches from busways shall be permitted to use any of the following wiring methods:
(1) Type AC armored cable
(2) Type MC metal-clad cable
(3) Type MI mineral-insulated, metal-sheathed cable
(4) IMC intermediate metal conduit
(5) R.VICrigid metal conduit
(6) FMC flexible metal conduit
(7) LFMC liquidtight flexible metal conduit
(8) PVC rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit
(9) RTRC reinforced thermosetting resin conduit
(10) LFNC liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit
(11) EMT electrical metallic tubing
(12) ENT electrical nonmetallic tubing
(13) Busways
(14) Strut-type channel raceway
(15) Surface metal raceway
(16) Surface nonmetallic raceway
Where a separate equipment grounding conductor is used, connection of the equipment grounding conductor to the busway shall comply with 250.8 and 250.12.
(B) Cord and Cable Assemblies. Suitable cord and cable assemblies identified for extra-hard usage or hard usage and listed bus drop cable shall be permitted as branches from busways for the connection of portable equipment or the connection of stationary equipment to facilitate their inter- change in accordance with 400.10 and 400.12 and the follow- ing conditions:
(1) The cord or cable shall be attached to the building by an approved means.
(2) The length of the cord or cable from a busway plug-in device to a suitable tension take-up support device shall not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft).
(3) The cord and cable shall be installed as a vertical riser from the tension take-up support device to the cquip- ment served.
(4) Strain relief cable grips shall be provided for the cord or cable at the busway plug-in device and equipment termi- nations.
Exception to (B)(2): In industrial establishments only, where the condi- tions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation, lengths exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) shall be permitted between the busway plug-in device and the tension take-up support device where the cord or cable is supported at intervals not exceeding 2.5 m (8 ft).
(C) Branches from Trolley-Type Busways. Suitable cord and cable assemblies identified for extra-hard usage or hard usage and listed bus drop cable shall be permitted as branches from trolley-type busways for the connection of movable equipment in accordance with 400.10 and 400.12.
368.58 Dead Ends. A dead end of a busway shall be closed.
368.60 Grounding. Busway shall be connected to an cquip- ment grounding conductor(s), to an cquipment bonding jumper, or to the grounded conductor where permitted or required by 250.92(B) (1) or 250.142.
Part III. Construction
368.120 Marking. Busways shall be marked with the voltage and current rating for which they are designed, and with the manufacturer's name or trademark in such a manner as to be visible after installation.
Part IV. Requirements for Over 1000 Volts, Nominal
368.214 Adjacent and Supporting Structures. Metal-enclosed busways shall be installed so that temperature rise from induced circulating currents in adjacent ferrous metal parts will not be hazardous to personnel or constitute a fire hazard.
368.234 Barriers and Seals.
(A) Vapor Seals. Busway runs that have sections located both inside and outside of buildings shall have a vapor scal at the building wall to prevent interchange of air between indoor and outdoor sections.
Exception: Vapor seals shall not be required in forced-cooled bus.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-251
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
368.234
ARTICLE 369 -INSULATED BUS PIPE (IBP)/TUBULAR COVERED CONDUCTORS (TCC) SYSTEMS
(B) Fire Barriers. Fire barriers shall be provided where fire walls, floors, or ceilings are penetrated.
Informational Note: See 300.21 for information concerning the spread of fire or products of combustion.
368.236 Drain Facilities. Drain plugs, filter drains, or similar methods shall be provided to remove condensed moisture from low points in busway run.
368.237 Ventilated Bus Enclosures. Ventilated busway enclo- sures shall be installed in accordance with Article 110, Part III, and 495.24.
368.238 Terminations and Connections. Where bus enclosures terminate at machines cooled by flammable gas, scal-off bush- ings, baffles, or other means shall be provided to prevent accu- mulation of flammable gas in the busway enclosures.
All conductor termination and connection hardware shall be accessible for installation, connection, and maintenance.
368.239 Switches. Switching devices or disconnecting links provided in the busway run shall have the same momentary rating as the busway. Disconnecting links shall be plainly marked to be removable only when bus is de-energized. Switch- ing devices that are not load-break shall be interlocked to prevent operation under load, and disconnecting link enclo- sures shall be interlocked to prevent access to energized parts.
368.240 Wiring 1000 Volts or Less, Nominal. Secondary control devices and wiring that are provided as part of the metal-enclosed bus run shall be insulated by fire-retardant barriers from all primary circuit clements with the exception of short lengths of wirc, such as at instrument transformer termi- nals.
368.244 Expansion Fittings. Flexible or expansion connec- tions shall be provided in long, straight runs of bus to allow for temperature expansion or contraction, or where the busway run crosses building vibration insulation joints.
368.258 Neutral Conductor. Neutral bus, where required, shall be sized to carry all neutral load current, including harmonic currents, and shall have adequate momentary and short-circuit current rating consistent with system require- ments.
368.260 Grounding. Metal-enclosed busway shall be groun- ded.
368.320 Marking. Each busway run shall be provided with a permanent nameplate on which the following information shall be provided:
(1) Rated voltage.
(2) Rated continuous current; if bus is forced-cooled, both the normal forced-cooled rating and the self-cooled (not forced-cooled) rating for the same temperature risc shall be given.
(3) Rated frequency.
(4) Rated impulse withstand voltage.
(5) Rated 60-Hz withstand voltage (dry).
(6) Rated momentary current.
(7) Manufacturer's name or trademark.
Informational Note: See IEEE C37.23-2015, IEEE Standard for Metal-Enclosed Bus, for construction and testing requirements for metal-enclosed bus assemblies.
ARTICLE 369 Insulated Bus Pipe (IBP)/Tubular Covered Conductors (TCC) Systems
Part I. General
369.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for insulated bus pipe (IBP)systems.
369.2 Reconditioned Equipment. IBP and IBP systems shall not be reconditioned.
369.6 Listing Requirements. IBP and IBP systems shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
369.10 Uses Permitted. IBP systems shall be permitted for usc on power systems in accordance with the following:
(1) As exposed runs in accordance with 305.3.
(2) In wet or damp locations only when listed for such usc.
(3) Installed through walls, in unbroken lengths. Where IBP penetrates an exterior wall, the entire length that pene- trates the wall shall be listed for outdoor use, and the opening in the wall shall be scaled by an approved method.
(4) Extended vertically through dry floors if totally enclosed in metal where passing through the floor and for a mini- mum distance of 1.8 m (6 ft) above the floor to provide protection from physical damage.
(5) For voltages up to and including 35,000 volts ac nominal.
369.12 Uses Not Permitted. IBP systems shall not be used under the following conditions:
(1) In any hazardous (classified) location except as permitted by other articles in this Code
(2) For the support of luminaires or other equipment
(3) Where concealed by the building structure
(4) Where accessible to other than qualified person (s)
369.14 Installation. IBP systems shall be installed by qualified persons. All documentation shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction.
369.20 Termination or Connections. Manufacturer's supplied terminating means shall be used for IBP system connections or terminations. Connections employing dissimilar metals shall be avoided to eliminate the possibility of galvanic action.
Informational Note No. 1: See 110.14(C) for conductor temper- ature limitations due to termination provisions for installations up to and including 2000 volts.
Informational Note No. 2: See 110.40 for conductor tempera- ture limitations due to termination provisions for installations 2001 volts to 35,000 volts.
369.80 Ampacity. IBP systems shall be used within the marked ampacity of the IBP.
369.90 Temperature Rating. IBP systems shall be used within the maximum rated conductor temperaturc.
70-252
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
370.80
ARTICLE 370 - CABLEBUS
Part III. Construction Specifications
369.100 Construction. The IBP conductor shall be aluminum or copper. The bus pipe shall be permitted to be solid or hollow.
369.110 Barriers. Fire barriers shall be provided where fire walls, floors, or ceilings are penetrated.
Informational Note: See 300.21 for information concerning the spread of fire or products of combustion.
369.120 Marking. All IBP shall be marked to indicate the following information:
(1) The maximum rated voltage phase-to-phase or phase-to- ground
(2) The maximum rated ampacity
(3) The manufacturer's name, trademark, or other distinctive marking by which the organization responsible for the product can be readily identified
(4) The equivalent AWG size or circular mil arca of the conductor
(5) The maximum rated conductor temperature
(6) The rated peak withstand current rating in rms symmetri- cal amperes or kA
(7) Enclosure type designation, if other than Type I
(8) Rated short-time withstand current and duration if greater than 2 seconds
ARTICLE 370 Cablebus
Part I. General
370.1 Scope. This article covers the use and installation requirements of cablebus and associated fittings.
Part II. Installation
370.10 Uses Permitted. Cablebus shall be permitted as follows:
(1) Atany voltage or current for which spaced conductors arc rated and where installed only for exposed work, except as permitted in 370.18
(2) For branch circuits, feeders, and services
(3) To be installed indoors, outdoors, or in corrosive, wet, or clamp locations where identified for the use
370.12 Uses Not Permitted. Cablebus shall not be permitted to be installed in the following:
(1) Hoistways
(2) Hazardous (classified) locations, unless specifically permitted in Chapter 5
370.18 Cablebus Installation. Cablebus shall be permitted to extend transversely through partitions and walls or vertically through platforms and floors in wet or dry locations where the installation, complete with the installed cables, is made in accordance with 300.21.
370.20 Conductor Size and Termination.
(A) Conductors. The current-carrying conductors in cablebus shall comply with the following:
(1) Have an insulation rating of 75 (167ºF) or higher and be of an approved type suitable for the application
(2) Be sized in accordance with the design of the cablebus but in no case be smaller than 1/0
(B) Termination. Approved terminating means shall be used for connections to cablebus conductors.
Informational Note No. 1: See 110.14(C) for conductor temper- ature limitations due to termination provisions for installations up to and including 2000 volts.
Informational Note No. 2: See 110.40 for conductor tempera- ture limitations due to termination provisions for installations 2001 volts to 35,000 volts.
370.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors shall be that for which the cablebus is designed.
370.23 Overcurrent Protection. Cablebus shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with the ampacity of the cablebus conductors in accordance with 240.4.
Exception: Overcurent protection shall be permitted in accordance with 245.26 and 245.27.
370.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Cablebus Supports. Cablebus shall be securely supported at intervals not exceeding 3.7 m (12 ft). Where spans longer than 3.7 m (12 ft) are required, the structure shall be specifi- cally designed for the required span length.
(B) Conductor Supports. The insulated conductors shall be supported on blocks or other identified mounting means.
The individual conductors in a cablebus shall be supported at intervals not greater than 900 mm (3 ft) for horizontal runs and 450 mm (11/g ft) for vertical runs. Vertical and horizontal spacing between supported conductors shall be not less than one conductor diameter at the points of support.
370.42 Fittings. A cablebus system shall include fittings for the following:
(1) Changes in horizontal or vertical direction of the run
(2) Terminations in or on connected apparatus or equipment or the enclosures for such equipment
(3) Additional physical protection where required, such as guards where subject to severe physical damage
370.60 Grounding. A cablebus system shall be grounded and/or bonded as applicable:
(1) Cablebus framework, where bonded, shall be permitted to be used as the equipment grounding conductor for branch circuits and feeders.
(2) A cablebus installation shall be grounded and bonded in accordance with Part V and Part VI of Article 250, exclud- ing 250.86, Exception No. 2.
370.80 Ampacity of Conductors. The ampacity of conductors in cablebus shall be in accordance with 310.17 and 310.19 for installations up to and including 2000 volts, or with Table 315.60(C) (3) and Table 315.60(C) (4) for installations 2001 volts to 35,000 volts.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-253
370.120
ARTICLE 371 - FLEXIBLE BUS SYSTEMS
Part III. Construction Specifications
370.120 Marking.
(A) Nameplates. Each cablebus system shall include a name- plate at cach terminating end of the system with the manufac- turer's name or trade designation and the maximum diameter, number, voltage rating, and ampacity of the conductors to be installed. Nameplates shall be visible after installation.
(B) Identification. Each section and fitting of a cablebus system shall be identified with a marking that corresponds to the manufacturer's installation instructions.
ARTICLE 371 Flexible Bus Systems
Part I. General
371.1 Scope. This article covers the use and installation requirements of flexible bus systems and associated fittings.
371.6 Listing Requirements. Flexible bus systems shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
371.10 Uses Permitted. Flexible bus systems shall be permit- ted for the following:
(1) Services, feeders, and branch circuits
(2) Indoors
(3) Outdoors where identified for outdoor use
(4) Installed in corrosive, wet, or damp locations where iden- tified for use
(5) Exposed
(6) Behind access panels where the space behind the access panel is not used for air-handling purposes
(7) To penetrate through walls and floors in accordance with 371.18
371.12 Uses Not Permitted. Flexible bus systems shall not be permitted to be installed in the following:
(1) Hoistways
(2) Where exposed to severe physical damage
(3) Hazardous (classified) locations, unless specifically permitted in Chapter 5
(4) Air-handling spaces
371.14 Installation Design. Flexible bus systems shall be designed and specified for specific installation site applications by a qualified engineer within the limits of the listing and manufacturer's installation instructions. All documentation shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction.
371.17 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection shall be provided in accordance with 371.17(A) through (G).
(A) Rating of Overcurrent Protection - Services. Flexible bus systems installed for services shall be protected against overcur- rent in accordance with 230.90.
(B) Rating of Overcurrent Protection - Feeders. Flexible bus systems installed as feeders shall be protected against overcur- rent in accordance with 215.3.
Exception: The applicable requirements of 240.4 shall be permitted.
(C) Rating of Overcurrent Protection - Branch Circuits. Flex- ible bus systems installed as branch circuits shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with 210.20.
Exception: The applicable requirements of 240.4 shall be permitted.
(D) Transformer Secondary Flexible Bus Systems. Flexible bus systems installed on a transformer secondary to the discon- nect and overcurrent protection device shall be protected from overcurrent in accordance with 240.21 (C).
(E) Flexible Bus Systems from Generator Terminals. Flexible bus systems installed from generator terminals that meet the size requirement in 445.13 shall be permitted to be protected against overload by the generator overload protective device (s) required by 445.12.
(F) Flexible Bus Systems from Battery Terminals. Flexible bus systems installed for battery systems shall be protected from overcurrent in accordance with 240.21 (H).
(G) Reduction in Size of Flexible Bus Systems. Overcurrent protection shall be required at the point where flexible bus systems are reduced in sizc.
Exception: For industrial establishments only, omission of overcurrent protection shall be permitted at points where a flexible bus system is reduced in size, provided that the length of the flexible bus system having a reduced size does not exceed 15 m (50 ft) and has a current rating at least equal to one-third the rating or setting of the overcurrent device ahead of the point of connection and provided that such a flexi- ble bus system is free from contact with combustible material.
371.18 Flexible Bus Systems Installation. Installation of flexi- ble bus systems shall comply with 371.18(A) through (E).
(A) Manufacturer's Installation Instructions. Flexible bus systems shall be installed under design engineering supervision and in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions, includ- ing supporting and securing. All documentation shall be availa- ble to the authority having jurisdiction.
(B) Physical Damage. Flexible bus systems subject to physical damage shall have approved protective means installed.
Informational Note: Typical methods of protecting flexible bus systems from physical damage include suitable barriers, guards, or elevation.
(C) Transversely Routed. Flexible bus systems shall be permit- ted to extend transversely through partitions or walls if the section within the wall is continuous and protected against physical damage. Where the flexible bus systems penetrate a fire-resistant-rated wall or partition, the installation shall be made in accordance with 300.21.
(D) Through Dry Floors and Platforms. Flexible bus systems shall be permitted to extend vertically through dry floors and platforms. Where the flexible bus systems penetrate a fire- resistant-rated floor or ceiling, the installation shall be made in accordance with 300.21.
70-254
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
372.18
ARTICLE 372 -CELLULAR CONCRETE FLOOR RACEWAYS
(E) Through Floors and Platforms in Wet Locations. Flexible bus systems shall be permitted to extend vertically through floors and platforms in wet locations as follows:
(1) Where there are curbs or other suitable means to prevent waterflow through the floor or platform opening
(2) Where the flexible bus system provides a means to scal the floor penetration
Where the flexible bus systems penetrate a fire-resistant- rated floor or ceiling, the installation shall be made in accord- ance with 300.21.
371.20 Terminations. Flexible bus system terminations shall comply with 371.20(A) and (B).
(A) Termination Fittings or Connectors. Flexible bus systems shall be terminated with fittings or connectors listed for flexi- ble bus systems.
Informational Note: See 110.14(C) for conductor temperature limitations due to termination provisions.
(B) Connection to Equipment. The connection of a flexible bus system to the distribution equipment shall comply with one of the following:
(1) Be listed and marked by the specific distribution equip- ment as an acceptable means of termination
(2) Be listed and identified for the specific distribution equipment as an acceptable means of termination
(3) Incorporate, as part of the listed flexible bus system, a transition box to interface between the flexible bus system and the distribution equipment
371.30 Securing and Supporting. Flexible insulated bus conductors shall be supported on identified mounting means at intervals not greater than 900 mm (3 ft) for horizontal runs and 450 mm (11/ ft) for vertical runs unless otherwise permit- ted by the product listing. Flexible bus systems shall be secured and supported by listed associated fittings in accordance with 371.30(A) through (C).
(A) Associated Fittings. Associated fittings shall be part of a listed flexible bus system.
(B) Support Brackets. The support brackets for flexible bus systems shall be secured to the building structure or to other associated fittings that are secured to the building structure.
(C) Support Tray. Flexible bus systems shall be permitted to be installed in support trays supplied as associated fittings for the listed flexible bus system. Support trays shall not be required to be continuous.
371.40 Short Circuit Current Rating. Flexible bus systems shall have a short circuit current rating sufficient for the available fault current.
371.60 Grounding. Conductive associated fitting supports for flexible bus systems shall be bonded together and grounded.
Part III. Construction Specifications
371.120 Marking. Each section of flexible bus systems shall be marked with the manufacturer's name or trade designation, voltage rating, and current rating. Markings shall be located so as to be visible after installation.
(A) System Nameplate. A system nameplate shall contain the manufacturer's name or trademark and the flexible bus system ratings. The ratings shall include the voltage, phase, current rating, short circuit current rating, and applicable environmen- tal ratings. The nameplate shall be installed at cach end of the flexible bus system. The nameplate shall be visible after installa- tion.
(B) Associated Fittings. Associated fittings shall be marked as suitable for flexible bus systems.
(C) Flexible Insulated Bus. The flexible insulated bus shall be marked along the insulation with the manufacturer's name or trademark, voltage, manufacturer's part identification, and insulation temperature ratings.
ARTICLE 372 Cellular Concrete Floor Raceways
Part I. General
372.1 Scope. This article covers cellular concrete floor race- ways, the hollow spaces in floors constructed of precast cellular concrete slabs, together with suitable metal fittings designed to provide access to the floor cells.
Part II. Installations
372.12 Uses Not Permitted. Conductors shall not be installed in precast cellular concrete floor raceways as follows:
(1) Where subject to corrosive vapor
(2) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
(3) In commercial garages, other than for supplying ceiling outlets or extensions to the arca below the floor but not above
Informational Note: See 300.8 for installation of conductors with other systems.
372.18 Cellular Concrete Floor Raceways Installation. Installa- tion of cellular concrete floor raceways shall comply with 372.18(A) through (E).
(A) Header. The header shall be installed in a straight line at right angles to the cells. The header shall be mechanically secured to the top of the precast cellular concrete floor. The end joints shall be closed by a metal closure fitting and scaled against the entrance of concrete. The header shall be electri- cally continuous throughout its entire length and shall be elec- trically bonded to the enclosure of the distribution center.
(B) Connection to Cabinets and Other Enclosures. Connec- tions from headers to cabinets and other enclosures shall be made by means of listed metal raceways and listed fittings.
(C) Junction Boxes. Junction boxes shall be leveled to the floor grade and scaled against the free entrance of water or concrete. Junction boxes shall be of metal and shall be mechanically and electrically continuous with the header.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-255
372.18
ARTICLE 374 -CELLULAR METAL FLOOR RACEWAYS
(D) Inserts. Inserts shall be leveled and scaled against the entrance of concrete. Inserts shall be of metal and shall be fitted with grounded-type receptacles. An equipment ground- ing conductor or bonding jumper shall connect the insert receptacles to a positive ground connection provided on the header. Where cutting through the cell wall for setting inserts or other purposes (such as providing access openings between header and cells), chips and other dirt shall not be allowed to remain in the raceway, and the tool used shall be designed so as to prevent the tool from entering the cell and damaging the conductors.
(E) Markers. A suitable number of markers shall be installed for the future location of cells.
372.20 Size of Conductors. No conductor larger than 1/0 AWG shall be installed, except by special permission.
372.22 Maximum Number of Conductors. The combined cross-sectional arca of all conductors or cables shall not exceed 40 percent of the cross-sectional arca of the cell or header.
372.23 Ampacity of Conductors. The ampacity adjustment factors as provided in 310.15(C) shall apply to conductors installed in cellular concrete floor raceways.
372.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made only in header access units or junction boxes. A continuous unbro- ken conductor connecting the individual outlets is not a splice or tap.
372.58 Discontinued Outlets. When an outlet is abandoned, discontinued, or removed, the sections of circuit conductors supplying the outlet shall be removed from the raceway. No splices or reinsulated conductors, such as would be the case of abandoned outlets on loop wiring, shall be allowed in raceways.
ARTICLE 374 Cellular Metal Floor Raceways
Part I. General
374.1 Scope. This article covers the use and installation requirements for cellular metal floor raceways.
374.6 Listing Requirements. Cellular metal floor raceways and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
374.12 Uses Not Permitted. Conductors shall not be installed in cellular metal floor raceways as follows:
(1) Where subject to corrosive vapor
(2) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
(3) In commercial garages, other than for supplying ceiling outlets or extensions to the arca below the floor but not above
Informational Note: See 300.8 for installation of conductors with other systems.
374.18 Cellular Metal Floor Raceways Installations. Installa- tion of cellular metal floor raccways shall comply with 374.18(A) through (D).
(A) Connection to Cabinets and Extensions from Cells. Connections between raceways and distribution centers and wall outlets shall be made by means of liquidtight flexible metal conduit, flexible metal conduit where not installed in concrete, rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, or approved fittings. Where there are provi- sions for the termination of an equipment grounding conduc- tor, rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, reinforced thermosetting resin conduit, electrical nonmetallic tubing, or liquidtight flexi- ble nonmetallic conduit shall be permitted. Where installed in concrete, liquidtight flexible metal conduit and liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit shall be listed and marked for direct burial.
(B) Junction Boxes. Junction boxes shall be leveled to the floor grade and scaled against the free entrance of water or concrete. Junction boxes used with these raceways shall be of metal and shall be electrically continuous with the raceway.
(C) Inserts. Inserts shall be leveled to the floor grade and scaled against the entrance of concrete. Inserts shall be of metal and shall be electrically continuous with the raceway. In cutting through the cell wall and setting inserts, chips and other dirt shall not be allowed to remain in the raceway, and tools shall be used that are designed to prevent the tool from entering the cell and damaging the conductors.
(D) Markers. A suitable number of markers shall be installed for locating cells in the future.
374.20 Size of Conductors. No conductor larger than 1/0 AWG shall be installed, except by special permission.
374.22 Maximum Number of Conductors in Raceway. The combined cross-sectional arca of all conductors or cables shall not exceed 40 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the cell or header.
374.23 Ampacity of Conductors. The ampacity adjustment factors in 310.15(C) shall apply to conductors installed in cellu- lar metal floor raceways.
374.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made only in header access units or junction boxes.
For the purposes of this section, so-called loop wiring (continuous unbroken conductor connecting the individual outlets) shall not be considered to be a splice or tap.
374.58 Discontinued Outlets. When an outlet is abandoned, discontinued, or removed, the sections of circuit conductors supplying the outlet shall be removed from the raceway. No splices or reinsulated conductors, such as would be the case with abandoned outlets on loop wiring, shall be allowed in raceways.
Part III. Construction Specifications
374.100 General. Cellular metal floor raccways shall be constructed so that adequate electrical and mechanical continuity of the complete system will be secured. They shall provide a complete enclosure for the conductors. The interior surfaces shall be free from burrs and sharp edges, and surfaces over which conductors are drawn shall be smooth. Suitable
70-256
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
376.56
ARTICLE 376 - METAL WIREWAYS
bushings or fittings having smooth rounded edges shall be provided where conductors pass.
ARTICLE 376 Metal Wireways
Part I. General
376.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for metal wireways and associated fittings.
Part II. Installation
376.10 Uses Permitted. The use of metal wireways shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For exposed work.
(2) In any hazardous (classified) location, as permitted by other articles in this Code.
(3) In wet locations where wireways are listed for the purposc.
(4) In concealed spaces as an extension that passes trans- versely through walls, if the length passing through the wall is unbroken. Access to the conductors shall be main- tained on both sides of the wall.
376.12 Uses Not Permitted. Metal wireways shall not be used in the following:
(1) Where subject to severe physical damage
(2) Where subject to severe corrosive environments
376.20 Conductors Connected in Parallel. Where single conductor cables comprising cach phase, neutral, or grounded conductor of an alternating-current circuit are connected in parallel as permitted in 310.10(G), the conductors shall be installed in groups consisting of not more than one conductor per phase, neutral, or grounded conductor.
Informational Note: The purpose of having all parallel conduc- tor sets within the same group is to prevent current imbalance in the paralleled conductors due to inductive reactance.
376.21 Size of Conductors. No conductor larger than that for which the wireway is designed shall be installed in any wireway.
376.22 Number of Conductors and Ampacity. The number of conductors or cables and their ampacity shall comply with 376.22(A) and (B).
(A) Cross-Sectional Areas of Wireway. The sum of the cross- sectional arcas of all contained conductors and cables at any cross section of a wireway shall not exceed 20 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the wireway.
(B) Adjustment Factors. The adjustment factors in 310.15(C) (1) shall be applied only where the number of current-carrying conductors, including neutral conductors classified as current- carrying under 310.15(E), exceeds 30 at any cross section of the wireway. Conductors for signaling circuits or controller conductors between a motor and its starter and used only for starting duty shall not be considered as current-carrying conductors.
376.23 Insulated Conductors. Insulated conductors installed in a metal wireway shall comply with 376.23(A) and (B).
(A) Deflected Insulated Conductors. Where insulated conduc- tors are deflected within a metal wireway, cither at the ends or where conduits, fittings, or other raceways or cables enter or leave the metal wireway, or where the direction of the metal wireway is deflected greater than 30 degrees, dimensions corre- sponding to one wire per terminal in Table 312.6(A) shall apply.
(B) Metal Wireways Used as Pull Boxes. Where insulated conductors 4 AWG or larger are pulled through a wireway, the distance between raceway and cable entries enclosing the same conductor shall not be less than that required by 314.28(A) (1) for straight pulls and 314.28(A) (2) for angle pulls. When trans- posing cable size into raceway size, the minimum metric desig- nator (trade size) raceway required for the number and size of conductors in the cable shall be used.
376.30 Securing and Supporting. Metal wireways shall bc supported in accordance with 376.30(A) and (B).
(A) Horizontal Support. Wircways shall be supported where run horizontally at each end and at intervals not to exceed 1.5 m (5 ft) or for individual lengths longer than 1.5 m (5 ft) at cach end or joint, unless listed for other support intervals. The distance between supports shall not exceed 3 m (10 ft).
(B) Vertical Support. Vertical runs of wircways shall bc securely supported at intervals not exceeding 4.5 m (15 ft) and shall not have more than one joint between supports. Adjoin- ing wireway sections shall be securely fastened together to provide a rigid joint.
376.56 Splices, Taps, and Power Distribution Blocks.
(A) Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be permitted within a wireway, provided they are accessible. The conductors, including splices and taps, shall not fill the wireway to more than 75 percent of its arca at that point.
(B) Power Distribution Blocks.
(1) Installation. Power distribution blocks installed in metal wircways shall be listed. Power distribution blocks installed on the line side of the service equipment shall be marked "suitable for use on the line side of service equipment" or equivalent.
(2) Size of Enclosure. In addition to the wiring space require- ment in 376.56(A), the power distribution block shall be installed in a wireway with dimensions not smaller than speci- ficd in the installation instructions of the power distribution block.
(3) Wire Bending Space. Wirc bending space at the terminals of power distribution blocks shall comply with 312.6(B).
(4) Live Parts. Power distribution blocks shall not have unin- sulated live parts exposed within a wireway, whether or not the wircway cover is installed.
(5) Conductors. Conductors shall be arranged so the power distribution block terminals are unobstructed following instal- lation.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-257
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
376.58
ARTICLE 378 -NONMETALLIC WIREWAYS
376.58 Dead Ends. Dcad ends of metal wireways shall be closed.
376.60 Grounding. Listed metal wireway shall be permitted as an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.118(A)(13).
376.70 Extensions from Metal Wireways. Extensions from wircways shall be made with cord pendants installed in accord- ance with 400.14 or with any wiring method in Chapter 3 that includes a means for equipment grounding. Where a separate cquipment grounding conductor is employed, connection of the equipment grounding conductors in the wiring method to the wireway shall comply with 250.8 and 250.12.
Part III. Construction Specifications
376.100 Construction.
(A) Electrical and Mechanical Continuity. Wircways shall be constructed and installed so that electrical and mechanical continuity of the complete system are assured.
(B) Substantial Construction. Wircways shall be of substantial construction and shall provide a complete enclosure for the contained conductors. All surfaces, both interior and exterior, shall be suitably protected from corrosion. Corner joints shall be made tight, and where the assembly is held together by rivets, bolts, or screws, such fasteners shall be spaced not more than 300 mm (12 in.) apart.
(C) Smooth Rounded Edges. Suitable bushings, shields, or fittings having smooth, rounded edges shall be provided where conductors pass between wircways, through partitions, around bends, between wireways and cabinets or junction boxes, and at other locations where necessary to prevent abrasion of the insu- lation of the conductors.
(D) Covers. Covers shall be securely fastened to the wireway.
376.120 Marking. Metal wireways shall be so marked that their manufacturer's name or trademark will be visible after installa- tion.
ARTICLE 378 Nonmetallic Wireways
Part I. General
378.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for nonmetallic wireways and associ- ated fittings.
378.6 Listing Requirements. Nonmetallic wireways and associ- ated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
378.10 Uses Permitted. The use of nonmetallic wircways shall be permitted in the following:
(1) Only for exposed work, except as permitted in 378.10(4).
(2) Where subject to corrosive environments where identified for the usc.
(3) In wet locations where listed for the purpose.
Informational Note: Extreme cold may cause nonmetallic wire- ways to become brittle and therefore more susceptible to damage from physical contact.
(4) As extensions to pass transversely through walls if the length passing through the wall is unbroken. Access to the conductors shall be maintained on both sides of the wall.
378.12 Uses Not Permitted. Nonmetallic wircways shall not be used in the following:
(1) Where subject to physical damage
(2) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
(3) Where exposed to sunlight unless listed and marked as suitable for the purpose
(4) Where subject to ambient temperatures other than those for which nonmetallic wireway is listed
(5) For conductors whose insulation temperature limitations would exceed those for which the nonmetallic wireway is listed
378.20 Conductors Connected in Parallel. Where single conductor cables comprising cach phase, neutral, or grounded conductor of an alternating-current circuit are connected in parallel as permitted in 310.10(G), the conductors shall be installed in groups consisting of not more than one conductor per phase, neutral, or grounded conductor to prevent current imbalance in the paralleled conductors due to inductive reac- tance.
378.21 Size of Conductors. No conductor larger than that for which the nonmetallic wireway is designed shall be installed in any nonmetallic wireway.
378.22 Number of Conductors. The sum of cross-sectional arcas of all contained conductors or cables at any cross section of the nonmetallic wireway shall not exceed 20 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the nonmetallic wireway. Conductors for signaling circuits or controller conductors between a motor and its starter and used only for starting duty shall not be considered as current-carrying conductors.
The adjustment factors specified in 310.15(C) (1) shall be applicable to the current-carrying conductors up to and includ- ing the 20 percent fill specified in the first paragraph of this section.
378.23 Insulated Conductors. Insulated conductors installed in a nonmetallic wireway shall comply with 378.23(A) and (B).
(A) Deflected Insulated Conductors. Where insulated conduc- tors are deflected within a nonmetallic wireway, cither at the ends or where conduits, fittings, or other raceways or cables enter or leave the nonmetallic wireway, or where the direction of the nonmetallic wireway is deflected greater than 30 degrees, dimensions corresponding to one wire per terminal in Table 312.6(A) shall apply.
(B) Nonmetallic Wireways Used as Pull Boxes. Where insula- ted conductors 4 AWG or larger are pulled through a wireway, the distance between raceway and cable entries enclosing the same conductor shall not be less than that required in 314.28(A) (1) for straight pulls and in 314.28(A) (2) for angle pulls. When transposing cable size into raceway size, the mini-
70-258
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
380.76
ARTICLE 380 -MULTIOUTLET ASSEMBLY
mum metric designator (trade size) raceway required for the number and size of conductors in the cable shall be used.
378.30 Securing and Supporting. Nonmetallic wircway shall be supported in accordance with 378.30(A) and (B).
(A) Horizontal Support. Nonmetallic wircways shall be supported where run horizontally at intervals not to exceed 900 mm (3 ft), and at cach end or joint, unless listed for other support intervals. In no case shall the distance between supports exceed 3 m (10 ft).
(B) Vertical Support. Vertical runs of nonmetallic wircway shall be securely supported at intervals not exceeding 1.2 m (4 ft), unless listed for other support intervals, and shall not have more than one joint between supports. Adjoining nonme- tallic wircway sections shall be securely fastened together to provide a rigid joint.
378.44 Expansion Fittings. Expansion fittings for nonmetallic wircway shall be provided to compensate for thermal expan- sion and contraction where the length change is expected to be 6 mm (0.25 in.) or greater in a straight run.
Informational Note: SeeTable 352.44(A) for expansion charac- teristics of PVC conduit. The expansion characteristics of PVC nonmetallic wireway are identical.
378.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be permitted within a nonmetallic wireway, provided they are accessible. The conductors, including splices and taps, shall not fill the nonme- tallic wireway to more than 75 percent of its arca at that point.
378.58 Dead Ends. Dcad ends of nonmetallic wireway shall be closed using listed fittings.
378.60 Grounding. Where equipment grounding is required, a separate grounding conductor shall be installed in the nonmetallic wircway. A separate equipment grounding conduc- tor shall not be required where the grounded conductor is used to ground equipment as permitted in 250.142.
378.70 Extensions from Nonmetallic Wireways. Extensions from nonmetallic wireway shall be made with cord pendants or any wiring method of Chapter 3. A separate equipment grounding conductor shall be installed in, or an equipment grounding connection shall be made to, any of the wiring methods used for the extension.
Part III. Construction Specifications
378.120 Marking. Nonmetallic wircways shall be marked so that the manufacturer's name or trademark and interior cross- sectional arca in square inches shall be visible after installation. Marking for limited smoke shall be permitted on the nonmetal- lic wircways that have limited smoke-producing characteristics.
ARTICLE 380 Multioutlet Assembly
Part I. General
380.1 Scope. This article covers the use and installation requirements for multioutlet assemblies.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of multi- outlet assembly.
Part II. Installation
380.10 Uses Permitted. The use of a multioutlet assembly shall be permitted in dry locations.
380.12 Uses Not Permitted. A multioutlet assembly shall not be installed as follows:
(1) Where concealed, except that it shall be permissible to surround the back and sides of a metal multioutlet as.sem- bly by the building finish or recess a nonmetallic multi- outlet as.semblvin a baseboard
(2) Where subject to severe physical damage
(3) Where the voltage is 300 volts or more between conduc- tors unless the assembly is of metal having a thickness of not less than 1.02 mm (0.040 in.)
(4) Where subject to corrosive vapors
(5) In hoistways
(6) In any hazardous (classificd) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
(7) Where cord and plug connected
380.23 Insulated Conductors. For fieldassembled multioutlet assemblies, insulated conductors shall comply with 380.23(A) and (B), as applicable.
(A) Deflected Insulated Conductors. Where insulated conduc- tors are deflected within a multioutlet assembly, cither at the ends or where conduits, fittings, or other raceways or cables enter or leave the multioutlet assembly, or where the direction of the multioutlet assembly is deflected greater than 30 degrees, dimensions corresponding to one wire per termi- nal in Table 312.6(A) shall apply.
(B) Multioutlet Assemblies Used as Pull Boxes. Where insula- ted conductors 4 AWG or larger are pulled through a multiout- let assembly, the distance between raceway and cable entries enclosing the same conductor shall not be less than that required by 314.28(A) (1) for straight pulls and 314.28(A) (2) for angle pulls. When transposing cable size into raceway size, the minimum metric designator (trade size) raceway required for the number and size of conductors in the cable shall be uscd.
380.76 Metal Multioutlet Assembly Through Dry Partitions. It shall be permissible to extend a metal multioutlet assembly through (not run within) dry partitions if arrangements are made for removing the cap or cover on all exposed portions and no outlet is located within the partitions.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-259
382.1
ARTICLE 382 -NONMETALLIC EXTENSIONS
ARTICLE 382 Nonmetallic Extensions
Part I. General
382.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for nonmetallic extensions.
382.6 Listing Requirements. Conccalable nonmetallic exten- sions and associated fittings and devices shall be listed. The starting/source tap device for the extension shall contain and provide the following protection for all load-side extensions and devices:
(1) Supplementary overcurrent protection
(2) Level of protection equivalent to a Class A GFCI
(3) Level of protection equivalent to a portable GFCI
(4) Line and load-side miswire protection
(5) Provide protection from the effects of arc faults
Part II. Installation
382.10 Uses Permitted. Nonmetallic extensions shall be permitted only in accordance with 382.10(A), (B), and (C).
(A) From an Existing Outlet. The extension shall be from an existing outlet on a 15- or 20-ampere branch circuit. Where a concealable nonmetallic extension originates from a non- grounding-type receptacle, the installation shall comply with 250.130(C), 406.4(D) (2)(b), or 406.4(D) (2) (c).
(B) Exposed and in a Dry Location. The extension shall be run exposed, or concealed as permitted in 382.15, and in a dry location.
(C) Residential or Offices. For nonmetallic surface extensions mounted directly on the surface of walls or ceilings, the build- ing shall be occupied for residential or office purposes and shall not exceed three floors above grade. Where identified for the use, conccalable nonmetallic extensions shall be permitted more than three floors above grade.
Informational Note No. 1: See 310.14(A)(3) for temperature limitation of conductors.
Informational Note No. 2: See 362.10 for definition of First Floor.
382.12 Uses Not Permitted. Nonmetallic extensions shall not be used as follows:
(1) In unfinished basements, attics, or roof spaces
(2) Where the voltage between conductors exceeds 150 volts for nonmetallic surface extensions and 300 volts for acrial cable
(3) Where subject to corrosive vapors
(4) Where run through a floor or partition, or outside the room in which it originates
382.15 Exposed.
(A) Nonmetallic Extensions. One or more extensions shall be permitted to be run in any direction from an existing outlet, but not on the floor or within 50 mm (2 in.) from the floor.
(B) Concealable Nonmetallic Extensions. Where identified for the use, nonmetallic extensions shall be permitted to be concealed with paint, texture, concealing compound, plaster,
wallpaper, tilc, wall paneling, or other similar materials and installed in accordance with 382.15(A).
382.24 Bends.
(A) Nonmetallic Extensions. A bend that reduces the normal spacing between the conductors shall be covered with a cap to protect the assembly from physical damage.
(B) Concealable Nonmetallic Extensions. Conccalable exten- sions shall be permitted to be folded back over themselves and flattened as required for installation.
382.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Nonmetallic Extensions. Nonmetallic surface extensions shall be secured in place by approved means at intervals not exceeding 200 mm (8 in.), with an allowance for 300 mm (12 in.) to the first fastening where the connection to the supplying outlet is by means of an attachment plug. There shall be at least one fastening between cach two adjacent outlets supplied. An extension shall be attached to only woodwork or plaster finish and shall not be in contact with any metal work or other conductive material other than with metal plates on receptacles.
(B) Concealable Nonmetallic Extensions. All surface-mounted concealable nonmetallic extension components shall be firmly anchored to the wall or ceiling using an adhesive or mechani- cal anchoring system identified for this usc.
382.40 Boxes and Fittings. Each run shall terminate in a fitting, connector, or box that covers the end of the assembly. All fittings, connectors, and devices shall be of a type identified for the usc.
382.42 Devices.
(A) Receptacles. All receptacles, receptacle housings, and self- contained devices used with conccalable nonmetallic exten- sions shall be identified for this usc.
(B) Receptacles and Housings. Receptacle housings and self- contained devices designed cither for surface or for recessed mounting shall be permitted for use with conccalable nonme- tallic extensions. Receptacle housings and self-contained devi- ces shall incorporate means for facilitating entry and termination of conccalable nonmetallic extensions and for electrically connecting the housing or device. Receptacle and self-contained devices shall comply with 406.4. Power and communications outlets installed together in common housing shall be permitted in accordance with 800.133(A) (3), Excep- tion No. 2.
382.56 Splices and Taps. Extensions shall consist of a continu- ous unbroken length of the assembly, without splices, and with- out exposed conductors between fittings, connectors, or devices. Taps shall be permitted where approved fittings completely covering the tap connections are used. Acrial cable and its tap connectors shall be provided with an approved means for polarization. Receptacle-type tap connectors shall be of the locking typc.
Part III. Construction Specifications (Concealable Nonmetal- lic Extensions Only)
382.100 Construction. Conccalable nonmetallic extensions shall be of a multilayer flat conductor design consisting of a
70-260
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
384.56
ARTICLE 384 -STRUT-TYPE CHANNEL RACEWAY
center ungrounded conductor enclosed by a sectioned groun- ded conductor and an overall sectioned equipment grounding conductor.
382.104 Flat Conductors. Conccalable nonmetallic extensions shall be constructed, using flat copper conductors equivalent to 14 AWG or 12 AWG conductor sizes, and constructed per 382.104(A), (B), and (C).
(A) Ungrounded Conductor (Center Layer). The ungrounded conductor shall consist of one or more ungrounded flat conductor(s) enclosed in accordance with 382.104(B) and (C) and identified in accordance with 310.6(C).
(B) Grounded Conductor (Inner Sectioned Layers). The grounded conductor shall consist of two sectioned inner flat conductors that enclose the center ungrounded conductor(s). The sectioned grounded conductor shall be enclosed by the sectioned equipment grounding conductor and identified in accordance with 200.6.
(C) Equipment Grounding Conductor (Outer Sectioned Layers). The equipment grounding conductor shall consist of two overall sectioned conductors that enclose the grounded conductor and ungrounded conductor(s) and shall comply with 250.4(A) (5). The equipment grounding conductor layers shall be identified by any one of the following methods:
(1) As permitted in 250.119
(2) A clear covering
(3) One or more continuous green stripes or hash marks
(4) The term "Equipment Grounding Conductor" printed at regular intervals throughout the cable
382.112 Insulation. The ungrounded and grounded flat conductor layers shall be individually insulated and comply with 310.14(A) (3). The equipment grounding conductor shall be covered or insulated.
382.120 Marking.
(A) Cable. Conccalable nonmetallic extensions shall be clearly and durably marked on both sides at intervals of not more than 610 mm (24 in.) with the information required by 310.8(A) and with the following additional information:
(1) Material of conductors
(2) Maximum temperature rating
(3) Ampacity
(B) Conductor Identification. Conductors shall be clearly and durably identified on both sides throughout their length as specified in 382.104.
ARTICLE 384 Strut-Type Channel Raceway
Part I. General
384.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications of strut-type channel raceway.
384.6 Listing Requirements. Strut-type channel raceways and accessories shall be listed and identified for such usc.
Part II. Installation
384.10 Uses Permitted. The use of strut-type channel raceways shall be permitted in the following:
(1) Where exposed.
(2) In dry locations.
(3) In locations subject to corrosive vapors where protected by finishes approved for the condition.
(4) As power poles.
(5) In hazardous (classificd) locations as permitted in Chap- ter 5.
(6) As extensions of unbroken lengths through walls, parti- tions, and floors where closure strips are removable from cither side and the portion within the wall, partition, or floor remains covered.
(7) Ferrous channel raceways and fittings protected from corrosion solely by cnamel shall be permitted only indoors.
384.12 Uses Not Permitted. Strut-type channel raccways shall not be used as follows:
(1) Where concealed.
(2) Ferrous channel raceways and fittings protected from corrosion solely by cnamel shall not be permitted where subject to severe corrosive influences.
384.21 Size of Conductors. No conductor larger than that for which the raceway is listed shall be installed in strut-type chan- nelraceways.
384.22 Number of Conductors. The number of conductors or cables permitted in strut-type channel raceways shall not exceed the percentage fill using Table 384.22 and applicable cross-sectional arca of specific types and sizes of wire given in the tables in Chapter 9.
The adjustment factors of 310.15(C) (1) shall not apply to conductors installed in strut-type channel raceways where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The cross-sectional arca of the raceway exceeds 2500 mm2 (4 in.2).
(2) The current-carrying conductors do not exceed 30 in number.
(3) The sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all contained conductors does not exceed 20 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the strut-type channel raceways.
384.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Surface Mount. A surface mount strut-type channel race- way shall be secured to the mounting surface with retention straps external to the channel at intervals not exceeding 3 m (10 ft) and within 900 mm (3 ft) of cach outlet box, cabinet, junction box, or other channel raceway termination.
(B) Suspension Mount. Strut-type channel raccways shall be permitted to be suspension mounted in air with identified methods at intervals not to exceed 3 m (10 ft) and within 900 mm (3 ft) of channel raceway terminations and ends.
384.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be permitted in raccways that are accessible after installation by having a remov- able cover. The conductors, including splices and taps, shall not fill the raceway to more than 75 percent of its arca at that point. All splices and taps shall be made by approved methods.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-261
ARTICLE 386-SURFACE METAL RACEWAYS
384.60
Table 384.22 Channel Size and Inside Cross Sectional Area
Area
40% Area*
25% Area+
Size Channel
in.2
mm2
in.2
mm2
in.2
mm2
1% x 15/16
0.887
572
0.355
229
0.222
143
1% × 1
1.151
743
0.460
297
0.288
186
15% × 13/%
1.677
1076
0.671
433
0.419
270
15% × 1%
2.028
1308
0.811
523
0.507
327
15/% × 27/1G
3.169
2045
1.267
817
0.792
511
15/% × 314
4.308
2780
1.723
1112
1.077
695
1 1/2 x 3/4
0.849
548
0.340
219
0.212
137
11/2 x 11/4
1.828
1179
0.731
472
0.457
295
11/2 x 1%
2.301
1485
0.920
594
0.575
371
1% × 3
3.854
2487
1.542
995
0.964
622
'Raceways with external joiners shall use a 40 percent wire fill calculation to determine the number of conductors permitted. *Raceways with internal joiners shall use a 25 percent wire fill calculation to determine the number of conductors permitted.
384.60 Grounding. Strut-typc channel raceway enclosures providing a transition to or from other wiring methods shall have a means for connecting an equipment grounding conduc- tor. Strut-type channel raceways shall be permitted as an equip- ment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.118(A) (13). Where a snap-fit metal cover for strut-type channel race- ways is used to achieve electrical continuity in accordance with the listing, this cover shall not be permitted as the means for providing electrical continuity for a receptacle mounted in the cover.
Part III. Construction Specifications
384.100 Construction. Strut-type channel raceways and their accessories shall be of a construction that distinguishes them from other raceways. Raceways and their elbows, couplings, and other fittings shall be designed such that the sections can be electrically and mechanically coupled together and installed without subjecting the wires to abrasion. They shall comply with 384.100(A), (B), and (C).
(A) Material. Raccways and accessories shall be formed of steel, stainless steel, or aluminum.
(B) Corrosion Protection. Steel raceways and accessories shall be protected against corrosion by galvanizing or by an organic coating.
Informational Note: Enamel and PVC coatings are examples of organic coatings that provide corrosion protection.
(C) Cover. Covers of strut-type channel raceways shall be cither metal or nonmetallic.
384.120 Marking. Each length of strut-type channel raceway shall be clearly and durably identified as required in the first sentence of 110.21 (A).
ARTICLE 386 Surface Metal Raceways
Part I. General
386.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for surface metal raceways and asso- ciated fittings.
386.6 Listing Requirements. Surface metal raceway and associ- atcd fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
386.10 Uses Permitted. The use of surface metal raceways shall be permitted in the following:
(1) In dry locations.
(2) In Class I, Division 2 hazardous (classified) locations as permitted in 301.10(B) (3).
(3) Under raised floors, as permitted in 645.5(E) (2).
(4) Extension through walls and floors. Surface metal race- way shall be permitted to pass transversely through dry walls, dry partitions, and dry floors if the length passing through' is unbroken. Access to the conductors shall be maintained on both sides of the wall, partition, or floor.
386.12 Uses Not Permitted. Surface metal raccways shall not be used in the following:
(1). Where subject to severe physical damage, unless other- wisc approved
(2) Where the voltage is 300 volts or more between conduc- tors, unless the metal has a thickness of not less than 1.02 mm (0.040 in.) nominal
(3) Where subject to corrosive vapors
(4) In hoistways
(5) Where concealed, except as permitted in 386.10
386.21 Size of Conductors. No conductor larger than that for which the raceway is designed shall be installed in surface metal raceway.
386.22 Number of Conductors or Cables. The number of conductors or cables installed in surface metal raceway shall not be greater than the number for which the raceway is designed. Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles.
The adjustment factors of 310.15(C) (1) shall not apply to conductors installed in surface metal raceways where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The cross-sectional arca of the raceway exceeds 2500 mm2 (4 in.2).
(2) The current-carrying conductors do not exceed 30 in number.
(3) The sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all contained conductors does not exceed 20 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the surface metal raceway.
386.30 Securing and Supporting. Surface metal raceways and associated fittings shall be supported in accordance with the manufacturer's installation instructions.
70-262
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
388.100
ARTICLE 388 -SURFACE NONMETALLIC RACEWAYS
386.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be permitted in surface metal raceways having a removable cover that is accessi- ble after installation. The conductors, including splices and taps, shall not fill the raceway to more than 75 percent of its arca at that point. Splices and taps in surface metal raceways without removable covers shall be made only in boxes. All spli- ces and taps shall be made by approved methods.
Taps of Type FC cable installed in surface metal raceway shall be made in accordance with 322.56(B).
386.60 Grounding. Surface metal raceway enclosures provid- ing a transition from other wiring methods shall have a means for connecting an equipment grounding conductor.
386.70 Combination Raceways. When combination surface metal raceways are used for both signaling and for lighting and power circuits, the different systems shall be run in separate compartments identified by stamping, imprinting, or color coding of the interior finish.
Part III. Construction Specifications
386.100 Construction. Surface metal raceways shall be of such construction as will distinguish them from other raceways. Surface metal raceways and their elbows, couplings, and similar fittings shall be designed so that the sections can be electrically and mechanically coupled together and installed without subjecting the wires to abrasion.
Where covers and accessories of nonmetallic materials are used on surface metal raceways, they shall be identified for such usc.
386.120 Marking. Each length of surface metal raceway shall be clearly and durably identified as required in the first sentence of 110.21 (A).
ARTICLE 388 Surface Nonmetallic Raceways
Part I. General
388.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications for surface nonmetallic raceways and associated fittings.
388.6 Listing Requirements. Surface nonmetallic raceway and associated fittings shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
388.10 Uses Permitted. Surface nonmetallic raceways shall be permitted as follows:
(1) The use of surface nonmetallic raceways shall be permit- ted in dry locations.
(2) Extension through walls and floors shall be permitted. Surface nonmetallic raceway shall be permitted to pass transversely through dry walls, dry partitions, and dry floors if the length passing through is unbroken. Access
to the conductors shall be maintained on both sides of the wall, partition, or floor.
388.12 Uses Not Permitted. Surface nonmetallic raceways shall not be used in the following:
(1) Where concealed, except as permitted in 388.10(2)
(2) Where subject to severe physical damage
(3) Where the voltage is 300 volts or more between conduc- tors, unless listed for higher voltage
(4) In hoistways
(5) In any hazardous (classified) location, except as permit- ted by other articles in this Code
(6) Where subject to ambient temperatures exceeding those for which the nonmetallic raceway is listed
(7) For conductors whose insulation temperature limitations would exceed those for which the nonmetallic raceway is listed
388.21 Size of Conductors. No conductor larger than that for which the raceway is designed shall be installed in surface nonmetallic raceway.
388.22 Number of Conductors or Cables. The number of conductors or cables installed in surface nonmetallic raceway shall not be greater than the number for which the raceway is designed. Cables shall be permitted to be installed where such use is not prohibited by the respective cable articles.
388.30. Securing and Supporting. Surface nonmetallic race- ways and associated fittings shall be supported in accordance with the manufacturer's installation instructions.
388.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be permitted in surface nonmetallic raceways having a cover capable of being opened in place that is accessible after installation. The conductors, including splices and taps, shall not fill the raceway to more than 75 percent of its arca at that point. Splices and taps in surface nonmetallic raceways without covers capable of being opened in place shall be made only in boxes. All splices and taps shall be made by approved methods.
388.60 Grounding. Where equipment grounding is required, a separate grounding conductor shall be installed in the race- way.
388.70 Combination Raceways. When combination surface nonmetallic raceways are used both for signaling and for light- ing and power circuits, the different systems shall be run in separate compartments identified by stamping, imprinting, or color coding of the interior finish.
Part III. Construction Specifications
388.100 Construction. Surface nonmetallic raceways shall be of such construction as will distinguish them from other race- ways. Surface nonmetallic raceways and their elbows, couplings, and similar fittings shall be designed so that the sections can be mechanically coupled together and installed without subjecting the wires to abrasion.
Surface nonmetallic raceways and fittings are made of suita- ble nonmetallic material that is resistant to moisture and chem- ical atmospheres. It shall also be flame retardant, resistant to impact and crushing, resistant to distortion from heat under conditions likely to be encountered in service, and resistant to low-temperature effects.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-263
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 390 - UNDERFLOOR RACEWAYS
388.120
388.120 Marking. Surface nonmetallic raceways that have limi- ted smoke-producing characteristics shall be permitted to be so identified. Each length of surface nonmetallic raceway shall be clearly and durably identified as required in the first sentence of 110.21 (A).
ARTICLE 390 Underfloor Raceways
Part I. General
390.1 Scope. This article covers the use and installation requirements for underfloor raceways.
Part II. Installation
390.10 Uses Permitted. The installation of underfloor race- ways shall be permitted beneath the surface of concrete or other flooring material or in office occupancies where laid flush with the concrete floor and covered with linoleum or cquivalent floor covering.
390.12 Uses Not Permitted. Underfloor raceways shall not be installed (1) where subject to corrosive vapors or (2) in any hazardous (classified) locations, except as permitted by 504.20 and in Class I, Division 2 locations as permitted in 501.10(B) (3). Unless made of a material approved for the condition or unless corrosion protection approved for the condition is provided, metal underfloor raceways, junction boxes, and fittings shall not be installed in concrete or in arcas subject to severe corrosive influences.
390.15 Covering. Raccway coverings shall comply with 390.15(A) through (D).
(A) Raceways Not over 100 mm (4 in.) Wide. Half-round and flat-top raceways not over 100 mm (4 in.) in width shall have not less than 20 mm (3/4 in.) of concrete or wood above the raccway.
Exception: As permitted in 390.15(C) and (D) for flat-top raceways.
(B) Raceways over 100 mm (4 in.) Wide But Not over 200 mm (8 in.) Wide. Flat-top raccways over 100 mm (4 in.) but not over 200 mm (8 in.) wide with a minimum of 25 mm (1 in.) spacing between raceways shall be covered with concrete to a depth of not less than 25 mm (1 in.). Raceways spaced less than 25 mm (1 in.) apart shall be covered with concrete to a depth of38 mm (11/g in.).
(C) Trench-Type Raceways Flush with Concrete. Trench-type flush raceways with removable covers shall be permitted to be laid flush with the floor surface. Such approved raccways shall be designed so that the cover plates provide adequate mechani- cal protection and rigidity equivalent to junction box covers.
(D) Other Raceways Flush with Concrete. In office occupan- cics, approved metal flat-top raceways, if not over 100 mm (4 in.) in width, shall be permitted to be laid flush with the concrete floor surface, provided they are covered with substan- tial linoleum that is not less than 1.6 mm (1/16 in.) thick or with equivalent floor covering. Where more than one and not more
than three single raceways are cach installed flush with the concrete, they shall be contiguous with each other and joined to form a rigid assembly.
390.20 Size of Conductors. No conductor larger than that for which the raceway is designed shall be installed in underfloor raceways.
390.22 Maximum Number of Conductors in Raceway. The combined cross-sectional arca of all conductors or cables shall not exceed 40 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the raccway.
390.23 Ampacity of Conductors. The ampacity adjustment factors in 310.15(C) shall apply to conductors installed in underfloor raceways.
390.56 Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall be made only in junction boxes.
For the purposes of this section, so-called loop wiring (continuous, unbroken conductor connecting the individual outlets) shall not be considered to be a splice or tap.
Exception: Splices and taps shall be permitted in trench-type flush race- way having a removable cover that is accessible after installation. The conductors, including splices and taps, shall not fill more than 75 percent of the raceway area at that point.
390.57 Discontinued Outlets. When an outlet is abandoned, discontinued, or removed, the sections of circuit conductors supplying the outlet shall be removed from the raceway. No splices or reinsulated conductors, such as would be the case with abandoned outlets on loop wiring, shall be allowed in raceways.
390.70 Laid in Straight Lines. Underfloor raceways shall be laid so that a straight line from the center of one junction box to the center of the next junction box coincides with the centerline of the raceway system. Raceways shall be firmly held in place to prevent disturbing this alignment during construc- tion.
390.71 Markers at Ends. A suitable marker shall be installed at or near cach end of cach straight run of raceways to locate the last insert.
390.73 Dead Ends. Dcad ends of raceways shall be closed.
390.74 Junction Boxes. Junction boxes shall be leveled to the floor grade and scaled to prevent the free entrance of water or concrete. Junction boxes used with metal raceways shall be metal and shall be electrically continuous with the raceways.
390.75 Inserts. Inserts shall be leveled and scaled to prevent the entrance of concrete. Inserts used with metal raceways shall be metal and shall be electrically continuous with the raceway. Inserts set in or on fiber raceways before the floor is laid shall be mechanically secured to the raceway. Inserts set in fiber raceways after the floor is laid shall be screwed into the race- way. When cutting through the raceway wall and setting inserts, chips and other dirt shall not be allowed to remain in the race- way, and tools shall be used that are designed so as to prevent the tool from entering the raceway and damaging conductors that may be in place.
390.76 Connections to Cabinets and Wall Outlets. Connec- tions from underfloor raceways to distribution centers and wall outlets shall be made by approved fittings or by any of the
70-264
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
392.12
ARTICLE 392 -CABLE TRAYS
wiring methods in Chapter 3, where installed in accordance with the respective articles.
ARTICLE 392 Cable Trays
Part I. General
392.1 Scope. This article covers cable tray systems, including ladder, ventilated trough, ventilated channel, solid bottom, and other similar structures.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA-VE 1-2017, Metal Cable Tray Systems, and NECA/NEMA 105-2015, Standard for Installing Metal Cable Tray Systems, for further information on cable trays.
Part II. Installation
392.10 Uses Permitted. Cable tray shall be permitted to be used as a support system for wiring methods containing service conductors, feeders, branch circuits, communications circuits, control circuits, and signaling circuits. Single insulated cables and single insulated conductors shall be permitted in cable tray only when installed in accordance with 392.10(B) (1). Cable tray installations shall not be limited to industrial establish- ments. Where exposed to direct rays of the sun, insulated conductors and jacketed cables shall be identified as being sunlight resistant. Cable trays and their associated fittings shall be identified for the intended usc.
(A) Wiring Methods. The wiring methods in Table 392.10(A) shall be permitted to be installed in cable tray systems under the conditions described in their respective articles and sections.
(B) In Industrial Establishments. The wiring methods in Table 392.10(A) shall be permitted to be used in any industrial estab- lishment under the conditions described in their respective articles. In industrial establishments only, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installed cable tray system, any of the cables in 392.10(B) (1) and (B)(2) shall be permitted to be installed in ladder, ventilated trough, solid bottom, or ventilated chan- nel cable trays.
(1) Single-Conductor Cables and Single Insulated Conductors. Single-conductor cables and single insulated conductors shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with 392.10(B) (1) (a) through (B)(1) (c).
(a) Single-conductor cables and single insulated conduc- tors shall be 1/0 AWG or larger and shall be of a type listed and marked on the surface for use in cable trays. Where 1/0 AWG through 4/0 AWG single-conductor cables and single insulated conductors are installed in ladder cable tray, the maximum allowable rung spacing for the ladder cable tray shall be 225 mm (9 in.).
(b) Welding cables shall comply with Article 630, Part IV. (c) Single conductors used as equipment grounding conductors shall be insulated, covered, or bare, and they shall be 4 AWG or larger.
Table 392.10(A) Wiring Methods
Wiring Method
Article
Annored cable: Type AC
320
CATV cables
800 and 820
Class 2 and Class 3 cables
722 and 725
Communications cables
800 and 805
Communications raceways
800
Electrical metallic tubing: EMT
358
Electrical nonmetallic tubing: ENT
362
Fire alarm cables
722 and 760
Flexible metal conduit: FMC
348
Flexible metallic tubing: FMT
360
Instrumentation tray cable: Type ITC
341
Intermediate metal conduit: IMC
342
Liquidtight flexible metal conduit: LFMC
350
Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit: LFNC Metal-clad cable: Type MC
330
Mineral-insulated, metal-sheathed cable: Type MI
332
Network-powered broadband communications cables
800 and 830
Nonmetallic-sheathed cable: Types NM, NMC, and NMS
334
Non-power-limited fire alarm cable
722 and 760
Optical fiber cables
722 and 770
Other factory-assembled, multiconductor control, signal, or power cables that are specifically approved for installation in cable trays
Power and control tray cable: Type TC
336
Power-limited fire alarm cable
722 and 760
Power-limited tray cable
725
Rigid metal conduit: RMC
344
Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit: PVC
352
Reinforced thermosetting resin conduit: RTRC
355
Service-entrance cable: Types SE and USE
338
Underground feeder and branch-circuit cable:
340
Type UF
(2) Single- and Multiconductor Medium Voltage Cables. Single- and multiconductor medium voltage cables shall be Type .MV cable. Single conductors shall be installed in accord- ance with 392.10(B) (1).
(C) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Cable trays in hazard- ous (classified) locations shall contain only the cable types and raceways permitted by other articles in this Code.
(D) Nonmetallic Cable Tray. In addition to the uses permitted elsewhere in 392.10, nonmetallic cable tray shall be permitted in corrosive arcas and in arcas requiring voltage isolation.
(E) Airfield Lighting Cable Tray. In airports where mainte- nance and supervision conditions ensure that only qualified persons can access, install, or service the cable, airfield lighting cable used in series circuits that are rated up to 5000 volts and arc powered by constant current regulators shall be permitted to be installed in cable trays.
Informational Note: Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Advisory Circulars (ACs) provide additional practices and meth- ods for airport lighting.
392.12 Uses Not Permitted. Cable tray systems shall not be used in hoistways or where subject to severe physical damage.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-265
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
356
392.18
ARTICLE 392 -CABLE TRAYS
392.18 Cable Tray Installation.
(A) Complete System. Cable trays shall be installed as a complete system. Field bends or modifications shall be so made that the electrical continuity of the cable tray system and support for the cables is maintained. Cable tray systems shall be permitted to have mechanically discontinuous segments between cable tray runs or between cable tray runs and equip- ment.
(B) Completed Before Installation. Each run of cable tray shall be completed before the installation of cables.
(C) Covers. In portions of runs where additional protection is required, covers or enclosures providing the required protec- tion shall be of a material that is compatible with the cable tray.
(D) Through Partitions and Walls. Cable trays shall be permit- ted to extend transversely through partitions and walls or verti- cally through platforms and floors in wet or dry locations where the installations, complete with installed cables, arc made in accordance with 300.21.
(E) Exposed and Accessible. Cable trays shall be exposed and accessible, except as permitted by 392.18(D).
(F) Adequate Access. Sufficient space shall be provided and maintained about cable trays to permit adequate access for installing and maintaining the cables.
(G) Raceways, Cables, Boxes, and Conduit Bodies Supported from Cable Tray Systems. In industrial facilities where condi- tions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only quali- ficd persons service the installation and where the cable tray systems are designed and installed to support the load, such systems shall be permitted to support raceways and cables, and boxes and conduit bodies covered in 314.1. For raceways termi- nating at the tray, a listed cable tray clamp or adapter shall be used to securely fasten the raceway to the cable tray system. Additional supporting and securing of the raceway shall be in accordance with the appropriate raceway article. For raceways or cables running parallel to and attached to the bottom or side of a cable tray system, fastening and supporting shall be in accordance with the appropriate raceway or cable article.
For boxes and conduit bodies attached to the bottom or side of a cable tray system, fastening and supporting shall be in accordance with 314.23.
(H) Marking. Cable trays containing conductors operating over 600 volts shall have a permanent, legible warning notice carrying the wording "DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE - KEEP AWAY" placed in a readily visible position on all cable trays, with the spacing of warning notices not to exceed 3 m (10 ft). The danger marking(s) or labels shall comply with 110.21 (B).
Exception: Where not accessible ( as applied to equipment), in industrial establishments where the conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation, cable tray system warning notices shall be located where necessary for the installa- tion to ensure safe maintenance and operation.
392.20 Cable and Conductor Installation.
(A) Multiconductor Cables Operating at 1000 Volts or Less. Multiconductor cables operating at 1000 volts or less shall be permitted to be installed in the same tray.
(B) Cables Operating at Over 1000 Volts. Cables operating at over 1000 volts and those operating at 1000 volts or less
installed in the same cable tray shall comply with either of the following:
(1) The cables operating at over 1000 volts are Type MC.
(2) The cables operating at over 1000 volts are separated from the cables operating at 1000 volts or less by a solid fixed barrier of a material compatible with the cable tray.
(C) Connected in Parallel. Where single conductor cables comprising cach phase, neutral, or grounded conductor of an alternating-current circuit are connected in parallel as permit- ted in 310.10(G), the conductors shall be installed in groups consisting of not more than one conductor per phase, neutral, or grounded conductor to prevent current imbalance in the paralleled conductors due to inductive reactance.
Single conductors shall be securely bound in circuit groups to prevent excessive movement due to fault-current magnetic forces unless single conductors are cabled together, such as triplexed assemblies.
(D) Single Conductors. Where any of the single conductors installed in ladder or ventilated trough cable trays are 1/0 through 4/0 AWG, all single conductors shall be installed in a single layer. Conductors that are bound together to comprisc cach circuit group shall be permitted to be installed in other than a single layer.
392.22 Number of Conductors or Cables.
(A) Number of Multiconductor Cables, Rated 2000 Volts or Less, in Cable Trays. The number of multiconductor cables, rated 2000 volts or less, permitted in a single cable tray shall not exceed the requirements of this section. The conductor sizes shall apply to both aluminum and copper conductors. Where dividers are used, fill calculations shall apply to cach divided section of the cable tray.
(1) Ladder or Ventilated Trough Cable Trays Containing Any Mixture of Cables. Where ladder or ventilated trough cable trays contain multiconductor power or lighting cables, or any mixture of multiconductor power, lighting, control, and signal cables, the maximum number of cables shall conform to 392.22(A) (1) (a) through (A) (1) (c).
(a) Where all of the cables are 4/0 AWG or larger, the sum of the diameters of all cables shall not exceed the cable tray width, and the cables shall be installed in a single layer. Where the cable ampacity is determined according to 392.80(A) (1)(c), the cable tray width shall not be less than the sum of the diameters of the cables and the sum of the required spacing widths between the cables.
(b) Where all of the cables are smaller than 4/0 AWG, the sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all cables shall not exceed the maximum allowable cable fill arca in Column 1 of Table 392.22(A) (1) for the appropriate cable tray width.
(c) Where 4/0 AWG or larger cables are installed in the same cable tray with cables smaller than 4/0 AWG, the sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all cables smaller than 4/0 AWG shall not exceed the maximum allowable fill arca resulting from the calculation in Column 2 of Table 392.22(A) (1) for the appropriate cable tray width. The 4/0 AWG and larger cables shall be installed in a single layer, and no other cables shall be placed on them.
(2) Ladder or Ventilated Trough Cable Trays Containing Multi- conductor Control and/or Signal Cables Only. Where a ladder or ventilated trough cable tray having a usable inside depth of
70-266
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
392.22
ARTICLE 392 -CABLE TRAYS
Table 392.22(A) (1) Allowable Cable Fill Area for Multiconductor Cables in Ladder, Ventilated Trough, or Solid Bottom Cable Trays for Cables Rated 2000 Volts or Less
Maximum Allowable Fill Area for Multiconductor Cables
Ladder or Ventilated Trough or Wire Mesh Cable Trays, 392.22(A)(1)
Solid Bottom Cable Trays, 392.22(A)(3)
Inside Width of Cable Tray
Column 1 Applicable for 392.22(A)(1)(b) Only
Column 2ª Applicable for 392.22(A)(1)(c) Only
Column 3 Applicable for 392.22(A)(3)(b) Only
Column 4ª Applicable for 392.22(A)(3)(c) Only
mm
in.
mm?
in .?
mm?
in .?
mm2
mm2
in .?
50
2.0
1,500
2.5
1,500 - (30 Sd)b
2.5 - (1.2 Sd)b
1,200
2.0
1,200 - (25 Sd)b
2.0 - Sdb
100
4.0
3,000
4.5
3,000 - (30 Sd)b
4.5 - (1.2 Sd)
2,300
3.5
2,300 - (25 Sd)
3.5 - Sd
150
6.0
4,500
7.0
4,500 - (30 Sd)"
7 - (1.2 Sd)
3,500
5.5
3,500 - (25 Sd)b
5.5-Sd
200
8.0
6,000
9.5
6,000 - (30 Sd)b
9.5 - (1.2 Sd)
4,500
7.0
4,500 - (25 Sd)
7.0 - Sd
225
9.0
6,800
10.5
6,800 - (30 Sd)
10.5 - (1.2 Sd)
5,100
8.0
5,100 - (25 Sd)
8.0 - Sd
300
12.0
9,000
14.0
9,000 - (30 Sd)
14- (1.2 Sd)
7,100
11.0
7,100 - (25 Sd)
11.0 - Sd
400
16.0
12,000
18.5
12,000 - (30 Sd)
18.5 - (1.2 Sd)
9,400
14.5
9,400 - (25 Sd)
14.5 - Sd
450
18.0
13,500
21.0
13,500 - (30 Sd)
21 - (1.2 Sd)
10,600
16.5
10,600 - (25 Sd)
16.5 - Sd
500
20.0
15,000
23.5
15,000 - (30 Sd)
23.5 - (1.2 Sd)
11,800
18.5
11,800 - (25 Sd)
18.5 - Sd
600
24.0
18,000
28.0
18,000 - (30 Sd)
28 - (1.2 Sd)
14,200
22.0
14,200 - (25 Sd)
22.0 - Sd
750
30.0
22,500
35.0
22,500 - (30 Sd)
35 - (1.2 Sd)
17,700
27.5
17,700 - (25 Sd)
27.5 - Sd
900
36.0
27,000
42.0
27,000 - (30 Sd)
42 - (1.2 Sd)
21,300
33.0
21,300 - (25 Sd)
33.0 - Sd
"The maximum allowable fill areas in Columns 2 and 4 shall be calculated. For example, the maximum allowable fill in mm2 for a 150-mm wide cable tray in Column 2 shall be 4500 minus (30 multiplied by Sd) [the maximum allowable fill, in square inches, for a 6-in. wide cable tray in Column 2 shall be 7 minus (1.2 multiplied by Sd)].
"The term Sdin Columns 2 and 4 isequal to the sum of the diameters, in mm, of all cables 107.2 mm (in inches, of all 4/0 AWG) and larger multiconductor cables in the same cable tray with smaller cables.
150 mm (6 in.) or less contains multiconductor control and/or signal cables only, the sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all cables at any cross section shall not exceed 50 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the cable tray. A depth of 150 mm (6 in.) shall be used to calculate the allowable interior cross-sectional arca of any cable tray that has a usable inside depth of more than 150 mm (6 in.).
(3) Solid Bottom Cable Trays Containing Any Mixture of Cables. Where solid bottom cable trays contain multiconduc- tor power or lighting cables, or any mixture of multiconductor power, lighting, control, and signal cables, the maximum number of cables shall conform to 392.22(A) (3) (a) through (A)(3)(c).
(a) Where all of the cables are 4/0 AWG or larger, the sum of the diameters of all cables shall not exceed 90 percent of the cable tray width, and the cables shall be installed in a single layer.
(b) Where all of the cables are smaller than 4/0 AWG, the sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all cables shall not exceed the maximum allowable cable fill arca in Column 3 of Table 392.22(A) (1) for the appropriate cable tray width.
(c) Where 4/0 AWG or larger cables are installed in the same cable tray with cables smaller than 4/0 AWG, the sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all cables smaller than 4/0 AWG shall not exceed the maximum allowable fill arca resulting from the computation in Column 4 of Table 392.22(A) (1) for the appropriate cable tray width. The 4/0 AWG and larger cables shall be installed in a single layer, and no other cables shall be placed on them.
(4) Solid Bottom Cable Tray Containing Multiconductor Control and/or Signal Cables Only. Where a solid bottom cable tray having a usable inside depth of 150 mm (6 in.) or less contains multiconductor control and/or signal cables only, the sum of the cross sectional arcas of all cables at any cross
Table 392.22(A) (5) Allowable Cable Fill Area for Multiconductor Cables in Ventilated Channel Cable Trays for Cables Rated 2000 Volts or Less
Maximum Allowable Fill Area for Multiconductor Cables
Inside Width of Cable Tray
Column 1 One Cable
Column 2 More Than One Cable
mm
in.
mom2
in.2
mm2
in 2
75
3
1500
2.3
850
1.3
100
4
2900
4.5
1600
2.5
150
6
4500
7.0
2450
3.8
section shall not exceed 40 percent of the interior cross- sectional arca of the cable tray. A depth of 150 mm (6 in.) shall be used to calculate the allowable interior cross sectional arca of any cable tray that has a usable inside depth of more than 150 mm (6 in.).
(5) Ventilated Channel Cable Trays Containing Multiconductor Cables of Any Type. Where ventilated channel cable trays contain multiconductor cables of any type, 392.22(A) (5) (a) and (A) (5) (b) shall apply.
(a) Where only one multiconductor cable is installed, the cross-sectional arca shall not exceed the value specified in Column 1 of Table 392.22(A) (5).
(b) Where more than one multiconductor cable is installed, the sum of the cross-sectional arca of all cables shall not exceed the value specified in Column 2 of Table 392.22(A) (5).
(6) Solid Channel Cable Trays Containing Multiconductor Cables of Any Type. Where solid channel cable trays contain
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-267
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
392.22
ARTICLE 392 -CABLE TRAYS
multiconductor cables of any type, 392.22(A) (6) (a) and (A) (6) (b) shall apply.
(a) Where only one multiconductor cable is installed, the cross-sectional arca of the cable shall not exceed the value specified in Column 1 of Table 392.22(A) (6).
(b) Where more than one multiconductor cable is installed, the sum of the cross-sectional arca of all cable shall not exceed the value specified in Column 2 of Table 392.22(A) (6).
(B) Number of Single-Conductor Cables, Rated 2000 Volts or Less, in Cable Trays. The number of single conductor cables, rated 2000 volts or less, permitted in a single cable tray section shall not exceed the requirements of this section. The single conductors, or conductor assemblies, shall be evenly distrib- uted across the cable tray. The conductor sizes shall apply to both aluminum and copper conductors.
(1) Ladder or Ventilated Trough Cable Trays. Where ladder or ventilated trough cable trays contain single-conductor cables, the maximum number of single conductors shall conform to 392.22(B) (1) (a) through (B) (1)(d).
(a) Where all of the cables are 1000 kcmil or larger, the sum of the diameters of all single-conductor cables shall not exceed the cable tray width, and the cables shall be installed in a single layer. Conductors that are bound together to comprise cach circuit group shall be permitted to be installed in other than a single layer.
(b) Where all of the cables are from 250 kcmil through 900 kcmil, the sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all single- conductor cables shall not exceed the maximum allowable cable fill arca in Column I of Table 392.22(B) (1) for the appropriate cable tray width.
(c) Where 1000 kcmil or larger single-conductor cables are installed in the same cable tray with single-conductor cables smaller than 1000 kcmil, the sum of the cross sectional arcas of all cables smaller than 1000 kcmil shall not exceed the maxi- mum allowable fill arca resulting from the computation in Column 2 of Table 392.22(B) (1) for the appropriate cable tray width.
(d) Where any of the single conductor cables are 1/0 through 4/0 AWG, the sum of the diameters of all single conductor cables shall not exceed the cable tray width.
(2) Ventilated Channel Cable Trays. Where 50 mm (2 in.), 75 mm (3 in.), 100 mm (4 in.), or 150 mm (6 in.) wide ventila- ted channel cable trays contain single-conductor cables, the sum of the diameters of all single conductors shall not exceed the inside width of the channel.
(C) Number of Type MV and Type MC Cables (2001 Volts or Over) in Cable Trays. The number of cables rated 2001 volts
Table 392.22(A) (6) Allowable Cable Fill Area for Multiconductor Cables in Solid Channel Cable Trays for Cables Rated 2000 Volts or Less
Inside Width of Cable Tray
Column 1 One Cable
Column 2 More Than One Cable
mm
in.
mm2
in.2
mm2
in.2
50
2
850
1.3
500
0.8
75
3
1300
2.0
700
1.1
100
4
2400
3.7
1400
2.1
150
6
3600
5.5
2100
3.2
or over permitted in a single cable tray shall not exceed the requirements of this section.
The sum of the diameters of single-conductor and multicon- ductor cables shall not exceed the cable tray width, and the cables shall be installed in a single layer. Where single conduc- tor cables are triplexed, quadruplexed, or bound together in circuit groups, the sum of the diameters of the single conduc- tors shall not exceed the cable tray width, and these groups shall be installed in single layer arrangement.
392.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Cable Trays. Cable trays shall be supported at intervals in accordance with the installation instructions.
(B) Cables and Conductors. Cables and conductors shall be secured to and supported by the cable tray system in accord- ance with the following, as applicable:
(1) In other than horizontal runs, the cables shall be fastened securely to transverse members of the cable tray.
(2) Supports shall be provided to prevent stress on cables where they enter raceways from cable tray systems.
(3) The system shall provide for the support of cables and raceway wiring methods in accordance with their corre- sponding articles. Where cable trays support individual conductors or multiconductor cables and where the conductors or multiconductor cables pass from one cable tray to another, or from a cable tray to raceway(s) or from a cable tray to equipment where the conductors are terminated, the distance between the cable trays or between the cable tray and the raceway(s) or the equip- ment shall not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft). The conductors shall be secured to the cable tray(s) at the transition, and they shall be protected, by guarding or by location, from physi- cal damage.
(4) Cable tics shall be listed and identified for the application and for securement and support.
392.44 Expansion Splice Plates. Expansion splice plates for cable trays shall be provided where necessary to compensate for thermal expansion and contraction.
392.46 Bushed Conduit and Tubing. A box shall not bc required where cables or conductors are installed in bushed conduit and tubing used for support or for protection against physical damage or where conductors or cables transition to a raceway wiring method from the cable tray. Conductors shall be permitted to enter equipment in accordance with 392.46(A) or (B).
(A) Through Bushed Conduit or Tubing. Individual conduc- tors or multiconductor cables with entirely nonmetallic sheaths shall be permitted to enter enclosures where they are termina- ted through nonflexible bushed conduit or tubing installed for their protection provided they are secured at the point of tran- sition from the cable tray and the conduit or tubing is scaled at the outer end using an approved means so as to prevent debris from entering the equipment through the conduit or tubing.
(B) Flanged Connections. Individual conductors or multicon- ductor cables with entirely nonmetallic sheaths shall be permit- ted to enter enclosures through openings associated with flanges from cable trays where the cable tray is attached to the flange and the flange is mounted directly to the equipment. The openings shall be made such that the conductors are protected from abrasion and the opening shall be scaled or
70-268
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
392.80
ARTICLE 392 -CABLE TRAYS
Table 392.22(B)(1) Allowable Cable Fill Area for Single-Conductor Cables in Ladder, Ventilated Trough, or Wire Mesh Cable Trays for Cables Rated 2000 Volts or Less
Maximum Allowable Fill Area for Single-Conductor Cables in Ladder, Ventilated Trough, or Wire Mesh Cable Trays
Inside Width of Cable Tray
Column 1 Applicable for 392.22(B)(1)(b) Only
Column 2ª Applicable for 392.22(B)(1)(c) Only
mm
in.
mm2
in 2
mm2
in.2
50
2
1,400
2.0
1,400 - (28 Sd)b
2.0 - (1.1 Sci)b
100
4
2,800
4.5
2,800 - (28 Sd)
4.5 - (1.1 Sd)
150
6
4,200
6.5
4,200 - (28 Sd)b
6.5 - (1.1 Sd)b
200
8
5,600
8.5
5,600 - (28 Sd)
8.5 - (1.1 Sd)
225
9
6,100
9.5
6,100 - (28 Sd)
9.5 - (1.1 Sd)
300
12
8,400
13.0
8,400 - (28 Sd)
13.0 - (1.1 Sd)
400
16
11,200
17.5
11,200 - (28 Sd)
17.5 - (1.1 Sd)
450
18
12,600
19.5
12,600 - (28 Sd)
19.5 - (1.1 Sd)
500
20
14,000
21.5
14,000 - (28 Sd)
21.5 - (1.1 Sd)
600
24
16,800
26.0
16,800 - (28 Sd)
26.0 - (1.1 Sd)
750
30
21,000
32.5
21,000 - (28 Sd)
32.5 - (1.1 Sd)
900
36
25,200
39.0
25,200 - (28 Sd)
39.0 - (1.1 Sd)
"The maximum allowable fill areas in Column 2 shall be calculated. For example, the maximum allowable fill, in mm2, for a 150-mm wide cable tray in Column 2 shall be 4200 minus (28 multiplied by Sd) [the maximum allowable fill, in square inches, for a 6-in. wide cable tray in Column 2 shall be 6.5 minus (1.1 multiplied by Sd)].
"The term Sdin Column 2 is equal to the sum of the diameters, in mm, of all cables 507 mm2 (in inches, of all 1000 kcmil) and larger single-conductor cables in the same cable tray with small cables.
covered to prevent debris from entering the enclosure through the opening.
Informational Note: One method of preventing debris from entering the enclosure is to seal the outer end of the raceway or the opening with duct seal.
392.56 Cable Splices and Type MV Cable Joints. Cable splices and Type MV cable joints made and insulated by approved methods shall be permitted to be located within a cable tray, provided they are accessible. Splices and Type MV cable joints shall be permitted to project above the side rails where not subject to physical damage.
392.60 Grounding and Bonding.
(A) Metal Cable Trays. Metal cable trays shall be permitted to be used as equipment grounding conductors where continuous maintenance and supervision ensure that qualified persons service the installed cable tray system and the cable tray complies with this section. Metal cable trays that support clcc- trical conductors shall be grounded as required for conductor enclosures in accordance with 250.96 and Part IV of Article 250. Metal cable trays containing only non-power conductors shall be electrically continuous through approved connections or the use of a bonding jumper.
Informational Note: Examples of non-power conductors include nonconductive optical fiber cables and Class 2 and Class 3 remote-control, signaling, and power-limited circuits.
(B) Steel or Aluminum Cable Tray Systems. Steel or aluminum cable tray systems shall be permitted to be used as equipment grounding conductors, provided all the following requirements arc met:
(1) The cable tray sections and fittings are identified as an equipment grounding conductor.
(2) The minimum cross-sectional arca of cable trays conform to the requirements in Table 392.60(B).
(3) All cable tray sections and fittings arc legibly and durably marked to show the cross-sectional arca of metal in chan- nel cable trays, or cable trays of one-piece construction, and the total cross-sectional arca of both side rails for ladder or trough cable trays.
(4) Cable tray sections, fittings, and connected raceways are bonded in accordance with 250.96, using bolted mechani- cal connectors or bonding jumpers sized and installed in accordance with 250.102.
(C) Transitions. Where metal cable tray systems are mechani- cally discontinuous, as permitted in 392.18(A), a bonding jumper sized in accordance with 250.102 shall connect the two sections of the cable tray, or the cable tray and the raceway or equipment. Bonding shall be in accordance with 250.96.
392.80 Ampacity of Conductors.
(A) Ampacity of Cables, Rated 2000 Volts or Less, in Cable Trays.
Informational Note: See 110.14(C) for conductor temperature limitations due to termination provisions.
(1) Multiconductor Cables. The ampacity of multiconductor cables, nominally rated 2000 volts or less, installed according to the requirements of 392.22(A) shall be as given in Table 310.16 and Table 310.18, subject to 392.80(A) (1)(a), (A) (1)(b), (A)(1) (c), and 310.14(A) (2).
(a) The adjustment factors of 310.15(C) (1) shall apply only to multiconductor cables with more than three current- carrying conductors. Adjustment factors shall be limited to the number of current-carrying conductors in the cable and not to the number of conductors in the cable tray.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-269
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
392.80
ARTICLE 392 - CABLE TRAYS
Table 392.60(B) Metal Area Requirements for Cable Trays Used as Equipment Grounding Conductor
Maximum Fuse Ampere Rating, Circuit Breaker Ampere Trip Setting, or Circuit Breaker
Minimum Cross-Sectional Area of Metal*
Protective Relay Ampere Trip Setting for Ground-Fault
Steel Cable Trays
Aluminum Cable Trays
Protection of Any Cable Circuit in the Cable Tray System
mm2
in.2
mm?
in ?
60
129
0.20
129
0.20
100
258
0.40
129
0.20
200
451.5
0.70
129
0.20
400
645
1.00
258
0.40
600
967.5
1.50*
258
0.40
1000
387
0.60
1200
645
1.00
1600
967.5
1.50
2000
1290
2.001
*Total cross-sectional area of both side rails for ladder or trough cable trays; or the minimum cross-sectional area of metal in channel cable trays or cable trays of one-piece construction.
*Steel cable trays shall not be used as equipment grounding conductors for circuits with ground-fault protection above 600 amperes. Aluminum cable trays shall not be used as equipment grounding conductors for circuits with ground-fault protection above 2000 amperes.
(b) Where cable trays are continuously covered for more than 1.8 m (6 ft) with solid unventilated covers, not over 95 percent of the ampacities of Table 310.16 and Table 310.18 shall be permitted for multiconductor cables.
(c) Where multiconductor cables are installed in a single layer in uncovered trays, with a maintained spacing of not less than one cable diameter between cables, the ampacity shall not exceed the ambient temperature-corrected ampacities of multi- conductor cables, with not more than three insulated conduc- tors rated 0 through 2000 volts in free air, in accordance with 310.14(B).
Informational Note: See Informative Annex B, Table B.2(3).
(2) Single-Conductor Cables. The ampacity of single- conductor cables shall be as permitted by 310.14(A) (2). The adjustment factors of 310.15(C) (1) shall not apply to the ampacity of cables in cable trays. The ampacity of single- conductor cables, or single conductors cabled together (triplexed, quadruplexed, and so forth), nominally rated 2000 volts or less, shall comply with 392.80(A) (2) (a) through (A)(2)(d).
(a) Where installed according to the requirements of 392.22(B), the ampacities for 600 kcmil and larger single- conductor cables in uncovered cable trays shall not exceed 75 percent of the ampacities in Table 310.17 and Table 310.19. Where cable trays are continuously covered for more than 1.8 m (6 ft) with solid unventilated covers, the ampacities for 600 kcmil and larger cables shall not exceed 70 percent of the ampacities in Table 310.17 and Table 310.19.
(b) Where installed according to the requirements of 392.22(B), the ampacities for 1/0 AWG through 500 kcmil single-conductor cables in uncovered cable trays shall not exceed 65 percent of the ampacities in Table 310.17 and Table 310.19. Where cable trays are continuously covered for more than 1.8 m (6 ft) with solid unventilated covers, the ampacitics for 1/0 AWG through 500 kcmil cables shall not exceed 60 percent of the ampacities in Table 310.17 and Table 310.19.
(c) Where single conductors are installed in a single layer in uncovered cable trays, with a maintained space of not less than one cable diameter between individual conductors, the ampacity of 1/0 AWG and larger cables shall not exceed the ampacities in Table 310.17 and Table 310.19.
Exception to (c): For solid bottom cable trays, the ampacity of single conductor cables shall be determined by 310.14(B).
(d) Where single conductors are installed in a triangular or square configuration in uncovered cable trays, with a main- tained free airspace of not less than 2.15 times one conductor diameter (2.15 x O.D.) of the largest conductor contained within the configuration and adjacent conductor configura- tions or cables, the ampacity of 1/0 AWG and larger cables shall not exceed the ampacities of two or three single insulated conductors rated 0 through 2000 volts supported on a messen- ger in accordance with 310.15.
Informational Note: See Table 310.20.
(3) Combinations of Multiconductor and Single-Conductor Cables. Where a cable tray contains a combination of multi- conductor and single-conductor cables, the ampacities shall be as given in 392.80(A)(1) for multiconductor cables and 392.80(A) (2) for single-conductor cables, provided that the following conditions apply:
(1) The sum of the multiconductor cable fill arca as a percentage of the allowable fill arca for the tray calcula- ted in accordance with 392.22(A), and the single- conductor cable fill arca as a percentage of the allowable fill arca for the tray calculated in accordance with 392.22(B), totals not more than 100 percent.
(2) Multiconductor cables are installed according to 392.22(A), and single-conductor cables are installed according to 392.22(B) and 392.22(C).
(B) Ampacity of Type MV and Type MC Cables (2001 Volts or Over) in Cable Trays. The ampacity of cables, rated 2001 volts, nominal, or over, installed according to 392.22(C) shall not exceed the requirements of this section.
Informational Note: See 110.40 for conductor temperature limi- tations due to termination provisions.
(1) Multiconductor Cables (2001 Volts or Over). The ampacity of multiconductor cables shall be as given in Table 315.60(C) (9) and Table 315.60(C) (10), subject to the following:
(1) Where cable trays are continuously covered for more than 1.8 m (6 ft) with solid unventilated covers, not more than 95 percent of the ampacities of Table 315.60(C) (9) and Table 315.60(C) (10) shall be permitted for multicon- ductor cables.
(2) Where multiconductor cables are installed in a single layer in uncovered cable trays, with maintained spacing of not less than one cable diameter between cables, the ampacity shall not exceed the allowable ampacities of Table 315.60(C) (5) and Table 315.60(C) (6).
(2) Single-Conductor Cables (2001 Volts or Over). The ampac- ity of single-conductor cables, or single conductors cabled together (triplexed, quadruplexed, and so forth), shall comply with the following:
(1) The ampacitics for 1/0 AWG and larger single-conductor cables in uncovered cable trays shall not exceed 75 percent of the ampacities in Table 315.60(C) (3) and Table 315.60(C) (4). Where the cable trays are covered for
70-270
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
393.14
ARTICLE 393 -LOW-VOLTAGE SUSPENDED CEILING POWER DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS
more than 1.8 m (6 ft) with solid unventilated covers, the ampacitics for 1/0 AWG and larger single-conductor cables shall not exceed 70 percent of the ampacities in Table 315.60(C) (3) and Table 315.60(C) (4).
(2) Where single-conductor cables are installed in a single layer in uncovered cable trays, with a maintained space of not less than one cable diameter between individual conductors, the ampacity of 1/0 AWG and larger cables shall not exceed the ampacities in Table 315.60(C) (3) and Table 315.60(C) (4).
(3) Where single conductors are installed in a triangular or square configuration in uncovered cable trays, with a maintained free air space of not less than 2.15 times the diameter (2.15 x O.D.) of the largest conductor contained within the configuration and adjacent conduc- tor configurations or cables, the ampacity of 1/0 AWG and larger cables shall not exceed the ampacities in Table 315.60(C) (1) and Table 315.60(C) (2).
Part III. Construction Specifications
392.100 Construction.
(A) Strength and Rigidity. Cable trays shall have suitable strength and rigidity to provide adequate support for all contained wiring.
(B) Smooth Edges. Cable trays shall not have sharp edges, burrs, or projections that could damage the insulation or jack- cts of the wiring.
(C) Corrosion Protection. Cable tray systems shall be corro- sion resistant. If made of ferrous material, the system shall be protected from corrosion as required by 300.6.
(D) Side Rails. Cable trays shall have side rails or equivalent structural members.
(E) Fittings. Cable trays shall include fittings or other suitable means for changes in direction and elevation of runs.
(F) Nonmetallic Cable Tray. Nonmetallic cable trays shall be made of flame-retardant material.
ARTICLE 393 Low-Voltage Suspended Ceiling Power Distribution Systems
Part I. General
393.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of low-voltage suspended ceiling power distribution systems.
393.6 Listing Requirements. Suspended ceiling power distri- bution systems and associated fittings shall be listed as in 393.6(A) or (B).
(A) Listed System. Low-voltage suspended ceiling distribution systems operating at 30 volts ac or less or 60 volts de or less shall be listed as a complete system, with the utilization equip- ment, power supply, and fittings as part of the same identified system.
(B) Assembly of Listed Parts. A low-voltage suspended ceiling power distribution system assembled from the following parts, listed according to the appropriate function, shall be permit- ted:
(1) Listed low-voltage utilization equipment
(2) Listed Class 2 power supply
(3) Listed or identified fittings, including connectors and grid rails with bare conductors
(4) Listed low-voltage cables in accordance with 722.179, conductors in raceways, or other fixed wiring methods for the secondary circuit
Part II. Installation
393.10 Uses Permitted. Low-voltage suspended ceiling power distribution systems shall be permanently connected and shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For listed utilization equipment capable of operation at a maximum of 30 volts ac (42.4 volts pcak) or 60 volts dc (24.8 volts peak for dc interrupted at a rate of 10 Hz to 200 Hz) and limited to Class 2 power levels in Chapter 9, Table 11(A) and Table 11(B) for lighting, control, and signaling circuits.
(2) In indoor dry locations.
(3) For residential, commercial, and industrial installations.
(4) In other spaces used for environmental air in accordance
. with 300.22(C), electrical equipment having a metal enclosure, or with a nonmetallic enclosure and fittings, shall be listed for use within an air-handling space and shall have adequate fire-resistant and low-smoke- producing characteristics and associated wiring material suitable for the ambient temperature.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 2043-2018, Fire Test for Heat and Visible Smoke Release for Discrete Products and Their Accessories Installed in Air-Handling Spaces, for one method of defining adequate fire-resistant and low-smoke-producing characteristics for electrical equipment with a nonmetallic enclosure.
393.12 Uses Not Permitted. Suspended ceiling power distribu- tion systems shall not be installed in the following:
(1) In damp or wet locations
(2) Where subject to corrosive fumes or vapors, such as stor- age battery rooms
(3) Where subject to physical damage
(4) In concealed locations
(5) In hazardous (classificd) locations
(6) As part of a fire-rated floor-ceiling or roof-ceiling as.sem- bly, unless specifically listed as part of the assembly
(7) For lighting in general or critical patient care arcas
393.14 Installation.
(A) General Requirements. Support wiring shall be installed in a neat and workmanlike manner. Cables and conductors installed exposed on the surface of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure in such a manner that the cable is not damaged by normal building usc. Such cables shall be supported by straps, staples, hangers, cable tics listed and identified for securement and support, or similar fittings designed and installed so as not to damage the cable.
Informational Note: Suspended ceiling low-voltage power grid distribution systems should be installed by qualified persons in accordance with the manufacturer's installation instructions.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-271
393.14
ARTICLE 393 - LOW-VOLTAGE SUSPENDED CEILING POWER DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS
(B) Insulated Conductors. Exposed insulated secondary circuit conductors shall be listed, of the type, and installed as described as follows:
(1) Class 2 cable supplied by a listed Class 2 power source and installed in accordance with Part I of Article 722 and Parts I and II of Article 725
(2) Wiring methods described in Chapter 3
393.21 Disconnecting Means.
(A) Location. A disconnecting means for the Class 2 supply to the power grid system shall be located so as to be accessible and within sight of the Class 2 power source for servicing or mainte- nance of the grid system.
(B) Multiwire Branch Circuits. Where connected to a multi- wire branch circuit, the disconnecting means shall simultane- ously disconnect all the supply conductors, including the grounded conductors.
393.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Attached to Building Structure. A suspended ceiling low- voltage power distribution system shall be secured to the mounting surface of the building structure by hanging wires, screws, or bolts in accordance with the installation and opera- tion instructions. Mounting hardware, such as screws or bolts, shall be cither packaged with the suspended ceiling low-voltage lighting power distribution system, or the installation instruc- tions shall specify the types of mounting fasteners to be used.
(B) Attachment of Power Grid Rails. The individual power grid rails shall be mechanically secured to the overall ceiling grid assembly.
393.40 Connectors and Enclosures.
(A) Connectors. Connections to busbar grid rails, cables, and conductors shall be made with listed insulating devices, and these connections shall be accessible after installation. A soldered connection shall be made mechanically secure before being soldered. Other means of securing leads, such as push-on terminals and spade-type connectors, shall provide a secure mechanical connection. The following connectors shall be permitted to be used as connection or interconnection devices:
(1) Load connectors shall be used for power from the busbar to listed utilization equipment.
(2) A pendant connector shall be' permitted to suspend low- voltage luminaires or utilization equipment below the grid rail and to supply power from the busbar to the utilization equipment.
(3) A power feed connector shall be permitted to connect the power supply directly to a power distribution cable and to the busbar.
(4) Rail-to-rail connectors shall be permitted to interconnect busbars from one ceiling grid rail to another grid rail.
Informational Note: See UL 310, Standard for Electrical Quick- Connect Terminals, for quick-connect terminals. See UL 486A-486B, Standard for Wire Connectors, for mechanical splic- ing devices.
(B) Enclosures. Where made in a wall, connections shall be installed in an enclosure in accordance with Parts I, II, and III of Article 314.
393.45 Overcurrent and Reverse Polarity (Backfeed) Protec- tion.
(A) Overcurrent Protection. The listed Class 2 power supply or transformer primary shall be protected at not greater than 20 amperes.
(B) Interconnection of Power Sources. Listed Class 2 sources shall not have the output connections paralleled or otherwise interconnected unless listed for such interconnection.
(C) Reverse Polarity (Backfeed) Protection of Direct-Current Systems. A suspended ceiling low-voltage power distribution system shall be permitted to have reverse polarity (backfeed) protection of de circuits by one of the following means:
(1) If the power supply is provided as part of the system, the power supply is provided with reverse polarity (backfeed) protection; or
(2) If the power supply is not provided as part of the system, reverse polarity or backfeed protection can be provided as part of the grid rail busbar or as a part of the power feed connector.
393.56 Splices. A busbar splice shall be provided with insula- tion and mechanical protection equivalent to that of the grid rail busbars involved.
393.57 Connections. Connections in busbar grid rails, cables, and conductors shall be made with listed insulating devices and be accessible after installation. Where made in a wall, connec- tions shall be installed in an enclosure in accordance with Parts I, II, and III of Article 314, as applicable.
393.60 Equipment Grounding Conductor. The supply side of the Class 2 power source shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with the applicable requirements in Part IV of Article 250.
393.61 Grounding of Load Side of Class 2 Power Source. Class 2 load side circuits for suspended ceiling low-voltage power grid distribution systems shall be permitted to be groun- ded.
Part III. Construction Specifications
393.100 Sizes and Types of Conductors.
(A) Load Side Utilization Conductor Size. Current-carrying conductors for load side utilization equipment shall be copper and shall be 18 AWG minimum.
Exception: Conductors of a size smaller than 18 AWG, but not smaller than 24 AWG, shall be permitted to be used for Class 2 circuits. Where used, these conductors shall be installed using a Chapter 3 wiring method, shall be totally enclosed, shall not be subject to movement or strain, and shall comply with the ampacity requirements in Table 522.22.
(B) Power Feed Bus Rail Conductor Size. The power feed bus rail shall be 16 AWG minimum or equivalent. For a busbar with a circular cross section, the diameter shall be 1.29 mm (0.051 in.) minimum, and, for other than circular busbars, the arca shall be 1.32 mm2 (0.002 in.2) minimum.
70-272
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
395.10
ARTICLE 395 - OUTDOOR OVERHEAD CONDUCTORS OVER 1000 VOLTS
ARTICLE 394 Concealed Knob-and-Tube Wiring
Part I. General
394.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications of concealed knob-and-tube wiring.
Part II. Installation
394.10 Uses Permitted. Concealed knob-and-tube wiring shall be permitted to be installed in the hollow spaces of walls and ceilings, or in unfinished attics and roof spaces as provided by 394.23, only as follows:
(1) For extensions of existing installations
(2) Elsewhere by special permission
394.12 Uses Not Permitted. Concealed knob-and-tube wiring shall not be used in the following:
(1) Commercial garages
(2) Theaters and similar locations
(3) Motion picture studios
(4) Hazardous (classificd) locations
(5) Hollow spaces of walls, ceilings, and attics where such spaces are insulated by loose, rolled, or foamed-in-place insulating material that envelops the conductors
394.17 Through or Parallel to Framing Members. Conductors shall comply with 398.17 where passing through holes in struc- tural members. Where passing through wood cross members in plastered partitions, conductors shall be protected by noncom- bustible, nonabsorbent, insulating tubes extending not less than 75 mm (3 in.) beyond the wood member.
394.19 Clearances.
(A) General. A clearance of not less than 75 mm (3 in.) shall be maintained between conductors and a clearance of not less than 25 mm (1 in.) between the conductor and the surface over which it pas. ses.
(B) Limited Conductor Space. Where space is too limited to provide these minimum clearances, such as at meters, panel- boards, outlets, and switch points, the individual conductors shall be enclosed in flexible nonmetallic tubing, which shall be continuous in length between the last support and the enclo- sure or terminal point.
(C) Clearance from Piping, Exposed Conductors, and So Forth. Conductors shall comply with 398.19 for clearances from other exposed conductors, piping, and so forth.
394.23 In Accessible Attics. Conductors in unfinished attics and roof spaces shall comply with 394.23(A) or (B).
Informational Note: See 310.14(A)(3) for temperature limita- tion of conductors.
(A) Accessible by Stairway or Permanent Ladder. Conductors shall be installed along the side of or through bored holes in floor joists, studs, or rafters. Where run through bored holes, conductors in the joists and in studs or rafters to a height of not less than 2.1 m (7 ft) above the floor or floor joists shall be protected by substantial running boards extending not less than 25 mm (I in.) on cach side of the conductors. Running
boards shall be securely fastened in place. Running boards and guard strips shall not be required where conductors arc installed along the sides of joists, studs, or rafters.
(B) Not Accessible by Stairway or Permanent Ladder. Conduc- tors shall be installed along the sides of or through bored holes in floor joists, studs, or rafters.
Exception: In buildings completed before the wiring is installed, attic and mof spaces that are not accessible by stairway or permanent ladder and have headroom at all points less than 900 mm (3 ft), the wiring shall be permitted to be installed on the edges of rafters or joists facing the attic or roof space.
394.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Supporting. Conductors shall be rigidly supported on noncombustible, nonabsorbent insulating materials and shall not contact any other objects. Supports shall be installed as follows:
(1) Within 150 mm (6 in.) of cach side of cach tap or splice, and
(2) At intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (41/2 ft).
Where it is impracticable to provide supports, conductors shall be permitted to be fished through hollow spaces in dry locations, provided cach conductor is individually enclosed in flexible nonmetallic tubing that is in continuous lengths between supports, between boxes, or between a support and a box.
(B) Securing. Where solid knobs are used, conductors shall be securely tied thereto by tic wires having insulation equivalent to that of the conductor.
394.42 Devices. Switches shall comply with 404.4 and 404.10(B).
394.56 Splices and Taps. Splices shall be soldered unless approved splicing devices are used. In-line or strain splices shall not be used.
Part III. Construction Specifications
394.104 Conductors. Conductors shall be of a type identified in Table 310.4(1).
ARTICLE 395 Outdoor Overhead Conductors over 1000 Volts
395.1 Scope. This article covers the use and installation for outdoor overhead conductors over 1000 volts, nominal.
395.10 Uses Permitted. Outdoor overhead conductors over 1000 volts, nominal, shall be permitted only for systems rated over 1000 volts, nominal, as follows:
(1) Outdoors in frec air
(2) For service conductors, feeders, or branch circuits
Informational Note: See IEEE C2, National Electrical Safety Code, and ANSI/IEEE 3001.2, Recommended Practice for Evaluating the
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-273
ARTICLE 396 - MESSENGER-SUPPORTED WIRING
395.30
Electrical Servire Requirements of Industrial and Commercial Power Systems, for additional information on outdoor overhead conductors over 1000 volts.
395.30 Support.
(A) Conductors. Documentation of the engineered design by a licensed professional engineer engaged primarily in the design of such systems for the spacing between conductors shall be available upon request of the authority having jurisdic- tion and shall include consideration of the following:
(1) Applied voltage
(2) Conductor size
(3) Distance between support structures
(4) Type of structure
(5) Wind/ice loading
(6) Surge protection
(B) Structures. Structures of wood, metal, or concrete, or combinations of those materials, shall be provided for support of overhead conductors over 1000 volts, nominal. Documenta- tion of the engineered design by a licensed professional engi- neer engaged primarily in the design of such systems and the installation of cach support structure shall be available upon request of the authority having jurisdiction and shall include consideration of the following:
(1) Soil conditions
(2) Foundations and structure settings
(3) Weight of all supported conductors and equipment
(4) Weather loading and other conditions such as, but not limited to, ice, wind, temperature, and lightning
(5) Angle where change of direction occurs
(6) Spans between adjacent structures
(7) Effect of dead-end structures
(8) Strength of guy wires and guy anchors
(9) Structure size and material (s)
(10) Hardware
(C) Insulators. Insulators used to support conductors shall be rated for all of the following:
(1) Applied phase-to-phase voltage
(2) Mechanical strength required for cach individual installa- tion
(3) Impulse withstand BIL in accordance with Table 490.24(a)
Informational Note: See 395.30(A), (B), and (C), which are not all-inclusive lists.
ARTICLE 396 Messenger-Supported Wiring
Part I. General
396.1 Scope. This article covers the usc, installation, and construction specifications for messenger-supported wiring.
Part II. Installation
396.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) Cable Types. The cable types in Table 396.10(A) shall be permitted to be installed in messenger-supported wiring under the conditions described in the article or section referenced for cach.
(B) In Industrial Establishments. In industrial establishments only, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installed messenger- supported wiring, the following shall be permitted:
(1) Any of the conductor types shown in Table 310.4(1) or Table 310.4(2)
(2) MV cable
Where exposed to weather, conductors shall be listed for use in wet locations. Where exposed to direct rays of the sun, conductors or cables shall be sunlight resistant.
(C) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Messenger-supported wiring shall be permitted to be used in hazardous (classified) locations where the contained cables and messenger-supported wiring are specifically permitted by other articles in this Code.
396.12 Uses Not Permitted. Messenger-supported wiring shall not be used in hoistways or where subject to physical damage.
396.30 Messenger.
(A) Support. The messenger shall be supported at dead ends and at intermediate locations so as to eliminate tension on the conductors. The conductors shall not be permitted to come into contact with the messenger supports or any structural members, walls, or pipes.
(B) Neutral Conductor. Where the messenger is used as a neutral conductor, it shall comply with the requirements of 225.4, 250.184(A), 250.184(B)(7), and 250.187(B).
(C) Equipment Grounding Conductor. Where the messenger is used as an equipment grounding conductor, it shall comply with the requirements of 250.32(B), 250.118, 250.184(B) (8), and 250.187(D).
Table 396.10(A) Cable Types
Cable Type
Section
Article
Medium-voltage cable
315
Metal-clad cable
330
Mineral-insulated, metal- sheathed cable
332
Multiconductor service- entrance cable
338
Multiconductor underground feeder and branch-circuit cable
340
Other factory-assembled, multiconductor control,
signal, or power cables that are identified for the use
Power and control tray cable
336
Power-limited tray cable
Table 722.135(B),
722.135(C), and
722.179(A)(6)
70-274
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
398.30
ARTICLE 398- OPEN WIRING ON INSULATORS
396.56 Conductor Splices and Taps. Conductor splices and taps made and insulated by approved methods shall be permit- ted in messenger-supported wiring.
396.60 Grounding. The messenger shall be grounded as required by 250.80 and 250.86 for enclosure grounding.
ARTICLE 398 Open Wiring on Insulators
Part I. General
398.1 Scope. This article covers the use, installation, and construction specifications of open wiring on insulators.
Part II. Installation
398.10 Uses Permitted. Open wiring on insulators shall be permitted only for industrial or agricultural establishments on systems of 1000 volts, nominal, or less, as follows:
(1) Indoors or outdoors (2) In wet or dry locations
(3) Where subject to corrosive vapors
(4) For services
398.12 Uses Not Permitted. Open wiring on insulators shall not be installed where concealed by the building structurc.
398.15 Exposed Work.
(A) Dry Locations. In dry locations, where not exposed to physical damage, conductors shall be permitted to be scpa- rately enclosed in flexible nonmetallic tubing. The tubing shall be in continuous lengths not exceeding 4.5 m (15 ft) and secured to the surface by straps at intervals 'not exceeding 1.4 m (41/2 ft).
(B) Entering Spaces Subject to Dampness, Wetness, or Corro- sive Vapors. Conductors entering or leaving locations subject to dampness, wetness, or corrosive vapors shall have drip loops formed on them and shall then pass upward and inward from the outside of the buildings, or from the damp, wet, or corro- sive location, through noncombustible, nonabsorbent insulat- ing tubes.
Informational Note: See 230.52 for individual conductors enter- ing buildings or other structures.
(C) Exposed to Physical Damage. Conductors within 2.1 m (7 ft) from the floor shall be considered exposed to physical damage. Where open conductors cross ceiling joists and wall studs and are exposed to physical damage, they shall be protec- ted by one of the following methods:
(1) Guard strips shall not be less than 25 mm (I in.) nominal in thickness and at least as high as the insulating supports, placed on cach side of and close to the wiring.
(2) A substantial running board at least 13 mm (1/2 in.) thick in back of the conductors with side protections. Running boards shall extend at least 25 mm (1 in.) outside the conductors, but not more than 50 mm (2 in.), and the protecting sides shall be at least 50 mm (2 in.) high and at least 25 mm (1 in.), nominal, in thickness.
(3) Boxing made in accordance with 398.15(C) (1) or (C) (2) and furnished with a cover kept at least 25 mm (1 in.) away from the conductors within. Where protecting verti- cal conductors on side walls, the boxing shall be closed at the top and the holes through which the conductors pass shall be bushed.
(4) Rigid metal conduit (R.VC), intermediate metal conduit (IMC), rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC), or electrical metal- lic tubing (EMT). When installed in metal piping, the conductors shall be encased in continuous lengths of approved flexible tubing.
398.17 Through or Parallel to Framing Members. Open conductors shall be separated from contact with walls, floors, wood cross members, or partitions through which they pass by tubes or bushings of noncombustible, nonabsorbent insulating material. Where the bushing is shorter than the hole, a water- proof sleeve of noninductive material shall be inserted in the hole and an insulating bushing slipped into the sleeve at cach end in such a manner as to keep the conductors absolutely out of contact with the sleeve. Each conductor shall be carried through a separate tube or sleeve.
Informational Note: See 310.14(A)(3) for temperature limita- tion of conductors.
398.19 Clearances. Open conductors shall be separated at Icast 50 mm (2 in.) from metal raceways, piping, or other conducting material, and from any exposed lighting, power, or signaling conductor, or shall be separated therefrom by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconductor in addition to the insulation of the conductor. Where any insulating tube is used, it shall be secured at the ends. Where practicable, conductors shall pass over rather than under any piping subject to leakage or accumulations of moisture.
398.23 In Accessible Attics. Conductors in unfinished attics and roof spaces shall comply with 398.23(A) or (B).
(A) Accessible by Stairway or Permanent Ladder. Conductors shall be installed along the side of or through bored holes in floor joists, studs, or rafters. Where run through bored holes, conductors in the joists and in studs or rafters to a height of not less than 2.1 m (7 ft) above the floor or floor joists shall be protected by substantial running boards extending not less than 25 mm (I in.) on cach side of the conductors. Running boards shall be securely fastened in place. Running boards and guard strips shall not be required for conductors installed along the sides of joists, studs, or rafters.
(B) Not Accessible by Stairway or Permanent Ladder. Conduc- tors shall be installed along the sides of or through bored holes in floor joists, studs, or rafters.
Exception: In buildings completed before the wiring is installed, in attic and mof spaces that are not accessible by stairway or permanent ladder and have headroom at all points less than 900 mm (3 ft), the wiring shall be permitted to be installed on the edges of rafters or joists facing the attic or roof space.
398.30 Securing and Supporting.
(A) Conductor Sizes Smaller Than 8 AWG. Conductors smaller than 8 AWG shall be rigidly supported on noncombusti- ble, nonabsorbent insulating materials and shall not contact any other objects. Supports shall be installed as follows:
(1) Within 150 mm (6 in.) from a tap or splice
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-275
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
398.30
ARTICLE 398 -OPEN WIRING ON INSULATORS
(2) Within 300 mm (12 in.) of a dead-end connection to a lampholder or receptacle
(3) At intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (41/2 ft) and at closer intervals sufficient to provide adequate support where likely to be disturbed
(B) Conductor Sizes 8 AWG and Larger. Supports for conduc- tors 8 AWG or larger installed across open spaces shall be permitted up to 4.5 m (15 ft) apart if noncombustible, nonab- sorbent insulating spacers are used at least every 1.4 m (41/2 ft) to maintain at least 65 mm (21/2 in.) between conductors.
Where not likely to be disturbed in buildings of mill construction, 8 AWG and larger conductors shall be permitted to be run across open spaces if supported from cach wood cross member on approved insulators maintaining 150 mm (6 in.) between conductors.
(C) Industrial Establishments. In industrial establishments only, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the system, conductors of sizes 250 kcmil and larger shall be permitted to be run across open spaces where supported at intervals up to 9.0 m (30 ft) apart.
(D) Mounting of Conductor Supports. Where nails are used to mount knobs, they shall not be smaller than tenpenny. Where screws are used to mount knobs, or where nails or screws are used to mount cleats, they shall be of a length sufficient to penetrate the wood to a depth equal to at least one-half the height of the knob and the full thickness of the clcat. Cushion washers shall be used with nails.
(E) Tie Wires. Conductors 8 AWG or larger and supported on solid knobs shall be securely tied thereto by tic wires having an insulation equivalent to that of the conductor.
398.42 Devices. Surface-type snap switches shall be mounted in accordance with 404.10(A), and boxes shall not be required. Other type switches shall be installed in accordance with 404.4.
Part III. Construction Specifications
398.104 Conductors. Conductors shall be of a type identified in Table 310.4(1).
70-276
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
400.6
ARTICLE 400 -FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Chapter 4 Equipment for General Use
ARTICLE 400 Flexible Cords and Flexible Cables
Part I. General
400.1 Scope. This article covers general requirements, appli- cations, and construction specifications for flexible cords and flexible cables.
400.2 Other Articles. Flexible cords and flexible cables shall comply with this article and with the applicable provisions of other articles of this Code.
400.3 Suitability. Flexible cords and flexible cables and their associated fittings shall be suitable for the conditions of use and location.
400.4 Types. Flexible cords and flexible cables shall conform to the description in Table 400.4. The use of flexible cords and flexible cables other than those in Table 400.4 shall require permission by the authority having jurisdiction.
400.5 Ampacities for Flexible Cords and Flexible Cables.
(A) Ampacity Tables. Table 400.5(A) (1) provides the ampaci- tics for flexible cords and flexible cables, and Table 400.5(A) (2) provides the ampacities for flexible cords and flexible cables with not more than three current-carrying conductors. These tables shall be used in conjunction with applicable end- usc product standards to ensure selection of the proper size and typc. Where cords and cables are used in ambient tempera- tures other than 30 (86°F), the temperature correction factors from Table 310.15(B) (1) (1) that correspond to the temperature rating of the cord or cable shall be applied to the ampacity in Table 400.5(A) (1) and Table 400.5(A) (2). Cords and cables rated 105 shall use correction factors in the 90 column of Table 310.15(B) (1) (1) for temperature correction. Where the number of current-carrying conductors exceeds three, the ampacity of cach conductor shall be reduced from the three-conductor rating as shown in Table 400.5(A) (3).
Informational Note: See Informative Annex B, Table B.2(11), for adjustinent factors for more than three current-carrying conductors in a raceway or cable with load diversity.
A neutral conductor that carries only the unbalanced current from other conductors of the same circuit shall not be required to meet the requirements of a current-carrying conductor.
In a 3-wire circuit consisting of two phase conductors and the neutral conductor of a 4-wire, 3-phase, wyc-connected system, a common conductor carries approximately the same current as the line-to-neutral currents of the other conductors and shall be considered to be a current-carrying conductor.
On a 4-wirc, 3-phase, wyc circuit where more than 50 percent of the load consists of nonlinear loads, there are harmonic currents present in the neutral conductor and the neutral conductor shall be considered to be a current-carrying conductor.
An equipment grounding conductor shall not be considered a current-carrying conductor.
Where a single conductor .is used for both equipment grounding and to carry unbalanced current from other conductors, as provided for in 250.140 for electric ranges and electric clothes dryers, it shall not be considered as a current- carrying conductor.
(B) Ultimate Insulation Temperature. In no casc shall conduc- tors be associated together in such a way with respect to the kind of circuit, the wiring method used, or the number of conductors such that the limiting temperature of the conduc- tors is exceeded.
(C) Engineering Supervision. Under engineering supervision, conductor ampacitics shall be permitted to be calculated in accordance with 310.14(B).
400.6 Markings.
(A) Standard Markings. Flexible cords and flexible cables shall be marked by means of a printed tag attached to the coil recl or carton. The tag shall contain the information required in 310.8(A). Types S, SC, SCE, SCT, SE, SEO, SEOO, SJ, SJE, SJEO, SJEOO, SJO, SJT, SJTO, SJTOO, SO, SOO, ST, STO, STOO, SEW, SEOW, SEOOW, SJEW, SJEOW, SJEOOW, SJOW, SJTW, SJTOW, SJTOOW, SOW, SOOW, STW, STOW, and STOOW flexible cords and G, G-GC, PPE, and W flexible cables shall be durably marked on the surface at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) with the type designation, size, and number of conductors. Required markings on tags, cords, and cables shall also include the maximum operating temperature of the flexible cord or flexible cable.
(B) Optional Markings. Flexible cords and cable types listed in Table 400.4 shall be permitted to be surface marked to indicate special characteristics of the cable materials. These markings include, but are not limited to, markings for limited smoke, sunlight resistance, and so forth.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-277
400.6
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.4 Flexible Cords and Flexible Cables
Nominal Insulation Thickness
Trade Name
Type Letter
Voltage
AWG or kemil
Number of Conductors
Insulation
AWG or kcmil
Em
mils
Braid on Each Conduc- tor
Outer Covering
Use
Lamp cord
300 600
18-16 15-10
2 or more
Thermoset or thermoplastic
18-16 15-10
0.76 1.14
30 45
Cotton
None
Pendant or portable
Dry loca- tions
Not hard usage
Eknator cable
300 or 600
20-2
2 or more
Thermosel
20-16 15-12 12-10 8-2
0.51 0.76 1.14 1.52
20 30 45 60
Three cotton; outer one flame- retardant and moisture- resistant
Elevator lighting and control
20-16 15-12 12-10 8-2
0.51 0.76 1.14 1.52
20 30 45
Flexible nylon jacket
Eknator cable
300 or 600
20-2
2 or more
Thermosel
20-16 15-12 12-10 8-2
0.51 0.76 1.14 1.52
20 30 45 GO
Cotton
Three cotton; outerone flame- retardant and moisture- resistant
Elevator lighting and control
Hazardous (classified) locations
Eknator cable
ETP"
300 or 600
300or 600
One cotton or equivalent and a thermo- plastic jacket
Electric vehicle cable
1000
18-500
2 or more plus equipment grounding conductor($), phis optional hybrid data, signal communica- tions, and optical liber cables
Thermoset with optimal nylon
18-15
0.76 (0.51)
30 (20)
Optional Oil-resistant
thermosel
Electric vehicle charging
hard usage
14-10
1.14 (0.76)
45 (30)
8-2
1.52 (1.14)
60
1-4/0
2.03 (1.5)2)
80 (60)
250-500
2.11 (1.90)
95 (75))
18-12
0.76 (0.51)
30 (20)
EVE S.
1000
18-500
2 or more plus equipment grounding conductor($), phis optional hybrid data, signal communica- tions. and optical liber cables
Thermoplastic elastomer with optional nylon
18-15
0.76 (0.51)
30 (20)
Oil-resistant thermo- plastic elastomer
(30)
8-2
1.52 (1.14)
1-4/0
2.03 (1.5)2)
80 (60)
250-500
2.11 (1.90)
95 (75))
EVJE M.
300
18-12
18-12
0.76 (0.51)
30 (20)
Wet locations Extra-
Hard usage
Extra-
hard usage
Hard usage
(continues)
70-278
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
L'nclassified locations
One cotton and a neoprene jacket
Ravon
Thermo- plastic
ETT ",
Xone
Hazardous (cla wified) locations
300
18-12
14-10
1.14 (0.76)
45
Cotton
L'nclassified locations
400.6
Table 400.4 Continued
Trade Name
Type Letter
Voltage
AWG or kemil
Number of Conductors
Insulation
AWG or kcmil
mils
Braid on Each Conduc- tor
Outer Covering
Use
EVT M.
1000
18-500
2 or more plus equipment grounding conductor(s), plus optional hybrid data, signal communica- tions. and optical liber cables
Thermoplastic with optional nylon
18-15
0.76 (0.51)
30 (20)
Oil-resistant thermo- plastic
Electric vehicle charging
Locations
Extra- hard usage
14-10
1.14 (0.76)
45 (30)
8-2
1.52 (1.14)
60
1-4/0
2.03 (1.5)2)
(60)
250-500
2.11 (1.90)
95 (75))
18-12
0.76 (0.51)
,90 (20)
Hard
usage
Portable power calle
G
2000
12-500
2-6 plus equipment grounding conductor(s)
Thermoset
12-2 1-1/0 250-500
1.52 2.03 2.11
60 80 95
Oil-resistant thermosel
Portable and extra-hard usage
Heater cord
HPD
300
18-12
2.3. or 4
Thermoset
18-16 15-12
0.38 0.76
15 30
None
Colton or ravon
Portable heaters
Dry loca- tions
Not hard usage
Parallel heater cord
HPX*
300
18-12
2 or 3
Oil-resistant thermosel
18-16
1.14 1.52 2.11
45 60 95
None
Oil-resistant thermosel
Portable
Damp locations
Not hard usage
hermoset jacketed heater cords
HSI
300
18-12
2.3. or 4
Thermosel
18-16 15-12
0.76 1.14
None 45
Colton and thermose't
Portable or portable heater
Damp loca- tions
|Hard usage
HSJW
300
18-12
Thermosel
Colton and thermoset
Damp loca- tions
HSJO
300
18-12
Cotton and oil- resistant thermosel
Jampand wel locations
HSJON"
300
18-12
Jamp locations
HSJOO
300
18-12
Oil-resistant thermosel
Jampand wel locations
Non-integral parallel cords
NISP-1
300
20-18
2 or 3
Thermoset
20-18
0.38
15
None
Thermoset
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- tions
Not hard usage
NISP-2
300
18-16
18-16
0.76
90
NISPE-1"
300
20-18
20-18
0.38
15
NISPE-2X
300
18-16
18-16
0.76
30
Thermo- plastic elastomer
NISPT-IX
300
20-18
Thermoplastic
20-18
0.38
15
Thermo- plastic
NISPT-2"
300
18-16
18-16
0.76
30
Twisted portable cord
PD
300 600
18-16 11-10
2 or more
Thermosel or thermoplastic
18-16 15-10
0.76 1.14
90 45
Cotton
Colton or ravon
Pendant or portable
Dry loca- tions
Not hard usage
(continues)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-279
2000
12-500
3-6 plus equipment grounding conductors and I ground check conductor
Thermosel
12-2 1-4/0 250-500
1.52 2.03 2.11
60 80 95
Oil-resistant thermosel
300
18-12
Nominal Insulation Thickness
Optional
300
18-12
12
Thermoplastic elastomer
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
400.6
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.4 Continued
Nominal Insulation Thickness
Trade Name
Type Letter
Voltage
AWG or kemil
Number of Conductors
Insulation
AWG or kcmil
Em
mils
Braid on Each Conduc- tor
Outer Covering
Use
Portable power cable
PPE
2000
12-500
1-6 plus optional equipment grounding conductor(s)
Thermoplastic elastomer
12-2 1-4/0 250-500
1.52 2.03 2.11
60 80 95
Oil-resistant thermo- plastic elastomer
Portable, extra-hard usage
Hard
S
600
18-2
2 or more
Thermoset
18-15 1.4-10 8-2
0.76 1.14 1.52
30 45 60
Thermosel
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- tions
Extra- hard usage
Flexible stage and lighting power cable
SCE7-10
600
Thermoplastic elastomer
Thermo- plastic elastomer
SCT .. L
600
Thermoplastic
Thermo- plastic
Hard service cord SE'
600
18-2
2 or more
Thermoplastic elastomer
18-15 11-9 8-2
0.76 1.14 1.52
30 45 60
Thermo- plastic elastomer
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- tions
Extra- hard usage
SEW-7.9
600
Damp and locations
SEOF
600
Oil- resistant thermo- plastic elastomer
Damp locations
Damp and
locations
SEOOF
600
Oil-resistant thermoplastic elastomer
SEOOWE,9
600
Junior hard service cord
St
300
18-10
2-6
Thermoset
18-11 10
0.76 1.14
30 45
None
Thermoset
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- tions
Hard usage
SJE
300
Thermoplastic elastomer
Thermo- plastic elastomer
Damp and
locations
SIEO
300
SIEOU"
300
Damp and
locations
SIEOO
300
Oil- resistant thermoplastic elastomer
SIEOOWS
300
SIO
300
Thermosel
Oil-
Damp locations
resistant thermoset
(continues)
70-280
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Thermoset
8-2 1-4/0 250
1.52 2.03 2.11
60 80
Thermoset
Portable, extra-hard usage
600
8-250
I or more
SEOH79
600
Damp locations
Damp and locations
SIEW-
300
Oil- resistant thermo- plastic elastomer
Damp locations
Damp locations
Damp and wel locations
service cord
None
None
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
400.6
Table 400.4 Continued
Nominal Insulation Thickness
Trade Name
Type Letter
Voltage
AWG or kcmil
Number of Conductors
Insulation
AWG or kcmil
Dm
mils
Braid on Each Conduc- tor
Outer Covering
Use
Sjony
300
Dampand
locations
300
Oil-resistant thermosel
Damp locations
SIOON"
300
Dampand
locations
300
Thermoplastic
Thermo- plastic
Damp locations
300
Dampand
locations
sTro
300
18-12 10
0.76 1.14
30 45
Oil-resistant thermo- plastic
Damp locations
SfrOW"
300
Dampand
locations
STroo
300
Oil-resistant thermoplastic
Damp locations
SfrOOW"
300
Dampand we locations
Hard service cord |SO
600
18-2
2 or more
Thermosel
18-15
0.76
30
None
Oil-resistant thermose't
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- lions
Extra- hard usage
SOW2.9
600
Dampand wel locations
Damp locations
SOOW7,9
600
Thermosel
20-18
0.76
30
Xone
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- lions
Not hard usage
SP-2
300
18-16
18-16
1.14
45
ISP-3
300
18-10
18-16 15-11 12 10
1.52 2.03 2.11 2.80
60 80
110
Refrigera- Lors room air condi- tioners. and as permitted in 122.16(B)
.All elastomer (thermo- plastic) parallel cord
SPE-I*
300
20-18
2 or 3
Thermoplastic elastomer
20-18
0.76
30
None
None
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- lions
Not hard usage
SPE-2*
300
18-16
18-16
1.14
45
SPE-3"
300
18-10
18-16 15-11 12 10
1.52 2.03 2.11 2.80
60 80
110
Refrigera- lors, room air condi- tioners. and as permitted in 122.16(B)
(continues)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-281
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
SP-1
300
20-18
2 or 3
All thermosel parallel cord
600
Oil-resistant thermosel
11-9 8-2
1.14 1.52
45 60
Dampand locations
400.6
ARTICLE 400 -FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.4 Continued
Nominal Insulation Thickness
Trade Name
Type Letter
Voltage
AWG or kemil
Number of Conductors
Insulation
mm
mils
Braid on Each Conduc- tor
Outer Covering
Use
All thermoplastic parallel cord
SPTI
300
20-18
2 or 3
Thermoplastic
20-18
0.76
30
None
None
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- lions
Not hard usage
SIT-2
300
18-16
2 or 3
18-16
1.14
45
Damp locations
SPT-ZH~
300
Dampand locations
SPT-3
300
18-10
2 or 3
18-16 15-11 12 10
1.52 2.03 2.11 2.80
80 95 110
Refrig- erators. room air condi- tioners. and as permitted in 122.16(B)
Damp loca- tions
Not hard usage
Range, dryer cable
SRD
300
10-1
3 or 1
Thermoset
10-4
1.14
45
Xone
Thermosel
Portable
Damp loca- tions
Ranges, dryers
SRDE
300
10-1
3 or 1
Thermoplastic elastoneT
None
Thermo- plastic elastomer
SRDT
300
10-1
3 or 1
Thermoplastic
None
Thermo- plastic
Hard service cord ST"
600
18-2
2 or more
Thermoplastic
18-15 11-9 8-2
0.76 1.14 1.52
30 45 60
None
Thermo- plastic
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- lions
Extra- hard usage
Damp and locations
STO
600
Damp locations
STOWE9
600
Dampand
locations
STOOF
Oil-resistant thermoplastic
Damp locations
STOOW"
600
Dampand locations
Vacuum cleaner cord
SI
300
18-16
2 or 3
Thermoset
18-16
0.38
15
None
Thermoset
Pendant or portable
Damp loca- tions
Not hard
SVE
300
Thermoplastic elastonkT
Thermo- plastic elastomer
SVEO
300
Oil-resistant thermo- plastic elastomer
SVEOO
300
Oil-resistant thermoplastic elastomer
SVO
300
Thermosel
Oil-resistant thermosel
SVOO
300
Oil-resistant thermosel
Oil-resistant thermosel
SVT
300
Thermoplastic
Thermoplastic
(continues)
70-282
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Oil-resistant thermo- plastic
Dampand locations
300
12
AWG or kcmil
400.6
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.4 Continued
Nominal Insulation Thickness
Trade Name
Type Letter
Voltage
AWG or kcmil
Number of Conductors
Insulation
AWG or kemil
mm
mils
Braid on Each Conduc- tor
Outer Covering
Use
SVTO
300
Thermoplastic
Oil-resistant thermo- plastic
SVTOO
300
Oil-resistant thermoplastic
Parallel tinsel cord
TPTH
300
27
2
Thermoplastic
27
0.76
30
Thermo- plastic
Attached to an appliance
Damp loca- tions
Not hard usage
Jacketed tinsel cord
300
27
2
Thermoplastic
27
0.38
15
Thermo- plastic
Attached to an appliance
Damp loca- tions
Not hard usage
Portable power cable
2000
12-500 501-1000
1-6 1
Thermoset
12-2 1-4/0 250-500 501-1000
1.52 2.03 2.11 2.80
60 80 95 110
Oil-resistant thermosel
Portable, extra-hard usage
Notes:
All types listed in Table 400.4shall have individual conductors twisted together, except for Types HP.N, SP-1, SP-2, SP-3, SPE-1, SPE-2, SPE-3, SPT-1, SPT-2, SPT-3, SPT-IW, SPT-2W, TPT, NISP-1, NISP-2, NISPT-1, NISPT-2, NISPE-1, NISPE-2, and three-conductor parallel versions ofSRD, SRDE, and SRDT.
The individual conductors of all cords, except those of heat-resistant cords, shall have a thermoset or thermoplastic insulation, except that the equipment grounding conductor, where used, shall be in accordance with 400.23(B).
'Rubber-filled or varnished cambric tapes shall be pennitted as a substitute for the inner braids.
"Elevator traveling cables for operating control and signal circuits shall contain nonmetallic fillers as necessary to maintain concentricity. Cables shall have steel supporting members as required for suspension by 620.41. In locations subject to excessive moisture or corrosive vapors or gases, supporting members of other materials shall be permitted. Where steel supporting members are used, they shall run straight through the center of the cable assembly and shall not be cabled with the copper strands of any conductor.
In addition to conductors used for control and signaling circuits, Types E, EO, ETP, and ETT elevator cables shall be pennitted to incorporate in the construction one or more of the following: optical fibers; 24 AWG or larger telephone conductor pairs, coaxial cables, or communications cables. The 24 AWG or larger conductor pairs shall be permitted to be covered with suitable shielding for telephone, audio, data transfer, or higher frequency communications circuits; the coaxial cables shall consist of a center conductor, insulation, and a shield for use in video or other radio frequency communications circuits. The optical fiber shall be suitably covered with flame-retardant thermoplastic. The insulation of the conductors shall be rubber or thermoplastic of a thickness not less than specified for the other conductors of the particular type of cable. Metallic shields shall have their own protective covering. Where used, these components shall be pennitted to be incorporated in any layer of the cable assembly but shall not run straight through the center.
3Insulations and outer coverings that meet the requirements as flame retardant, limited smoke, and are so listed, shall be permitted to be marked for limited smoke after the Codetype designation.
Elevator cables in sizes 20 AWG through 14 AWG are rated 300 volts, and sizes 10 AWG through 2 AWG are rated 600volts. 12 AWG is rated 300 volts with a 0.76 mm (30 mil) insulation thickness and 600 volts with a 1.14 mm (45 mil) insulation thickness.
Conductor size for Types EV, EVJ, EVE, EVJE, EVT, and EVJT cables apply to nonpower-limited circuits only. Camductors of power-limited (data, signal, or communications) circuits may extend beyond the stated AWG size range. All conductors shall be insulated for the same cable voltage rating. "Insulation thickness for Types EV, EVJ, EVEJE, EVT, and EVJT cables of nylon construction is indicated in parentheses.
"Types G, G-GC, S, SC, SCE, SCT, SE, SEO, SEOO, SEW, SEOW, SEOOW, SO, SOO, SOW, SOOW, ST, STO, STOO, STW, STOW, STOOW, PPE, and W shall be permitted for use on theater stages, in garages, and elsewhere where flexible cordsare permitted by this Code.
"The third conductor in Type HPN shall be used as an equipment grounding conductor only. The insulation of the equipment grounding conductor for Types SPE-1, SPE-2, SPE-3, SPT-1, SPT-2, SPT-3, NISPT-1, NISPT-2, NISPE-1, and NISPE-2 shall be permitted to be thennoset polymer.
'Cords that comply with the requirements for outdoor cords and are so listed shall be permitted to be designated as weather and water resistant with the suffix "W" after the Code type designation. Cords with the "W" suffix are suitable for use in wet locations and are sunlight resistant. ""The required outer covering on some single-conductor cables may be integral with the insulation.
"Types TPT and TST shall be permitted in lengths not exceeding 2.5 m (8 ft) where attached directly, or by means of a special type of plug, to a portable appliance rated at 50 watts or less and of such nature that extreme flexibility of the cord is essential.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-283
400.10
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.5(A)(1) Ampacity for Flexible Cords and Flexible Cables [Based on Ambient Temperature of 30 (86°F). See 400.13 and Table 400.4.]
Thermoset Types C, E, EO, PD, S, SJ, SJO, SJOW, sJOO, SJOOW, SO, SOW, SOO, SOOW, SP-1, SP-2, SP-3, SRD, SV, SVO, SVOO, NISP-1, NISP-2
Thermoplastic Types ETP, ETT, NISPE-1, NISPE-2, NISPT-1, NISPT-2, SE, SEW, SEO, SEOO, SEOW, SEOOW, SJE, SJEW, SJEO, SJEOO, SJEOW, SJEOOW, SJT, SJTW, SJTO, SJTOW, SJTOO, SJTOOW, SPE-1, SPE-2, SPE-3, SPT-1, SPT-IW, SPT-2, SPT-2W, SPT-3, ST, STW, SRDE, SRDT, STO, STOW, STOO, STOOW, SVE, SVEO, SVEOO, SVT, SVTO, SVTOO
Types HPD, HPN, HSJ, HSJO, HSJOW, HSJOO, HSJOOW
273
0.5
20
18
7
10
10
17
9
12
13
16
10
13
15
15
12
16
17
14
15
18
20
13
17
21
-
12
20
25
30
11
23
27
-
10
25
30
33
9
29
34
8
35
40
7
40
47
6
45
55
5
52
62
60
70
70
82
2
80
95
"The currents under Column A apply to three-conductor cords and other multiconductor cords connected to utilization equipment so that only three conductors are current-carrying.
?The currents under Column B apply to two-conductor cords and other multiconductor cords connected to utilization equipment so that only two conductors are current-carrying.
'Tinsel cord.
+Elevator cables only.
37 amperes for elevator cables only; 2 amperes for other types.
400.10 Uses Permitted.
(A) Uses. Flexible cords and flexible cables shall be used only for the following:
(1) Pendants.
(2) Wiring of luminaires.
(3) Connection of portable luminaires, portable and mobile signs, or appliances.
(4) Elevator cables. (5) Wiring of cranes and hoists.
(6) Connection of utilization equipment to facilitate frequent interchange.
(7) Prevention of the transmission of noise or vibration.
(8) Appliances where the fastening means and mechanical connections are specifically designed to permit ready removal for maintenance and repair, and the appliance is intended or identified for flexible cord connection.
(9) Connection of moving parts.
(10) Where specifically permitted elsewhere in this Code.
(11) Between an existing receptacle outlet and an inlet, where the inlet provides power to an additional single receptacle outlet. The wiring interconnecting the inlet to the single receptacle outlet shall be a Chapter 3 wiring method. The inlet, receptacle outlet, and Chap- ter 3 wiring method, including the flexible cord and fittings, shall be a listed as.semblyspecific for this applica- tion.
(B) Attachment Plugs. Where used as permitted in 400.10(A) (3), (A)(6), and (A)(8), cach flexible cord shall be equipped with an attachment plug and shall be energized from a recepta- cle outlet or cord connector body.
Exception: As permitted in 368.56.
70-284
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Copper Conductor Size (AWG)
Thermoplastic Types TPT, TST
Column A'
Column B2
5
400.12
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.5(A)(2) Ampacity of Cable Types SC, SCE, SCT, PPE, G, G-GC, and W [Based on Ambient Temperature of 30 (86ºF). See Table 400.4.]
Copper Conductor Size (AWG or kcmil)
60° (140°F)
Temperature Rating of Cable 75° (167ºF)
90° (194°F)
D'
E2
F'
D'
E2
F
D1
E2
F
12
31
26
37
31
42
35
10
44
37
52
43
59
49
8
60
55
48
70
65
57
80
74
65
6
80
72
63
95
88
77
105
99
87
4
105
96
84
125
115
101
140
130
114
3
120
113
99
145
135
118
165
152
133
2
140
128
112
170
152
133
190
174
152
1
165
150
131
195
178
156
220
202
177
1/0
195
173
151
230
207
181
260
234
205
2/0
225
199
174
265
238
208
300
271
237
3/0
260
230
201
310
275
241
350
313
274
4/0
300
232
360
317
277
405
361
316
250
340
296
259
405
354
310
455
402
352
300
375
330
289
445
395
346
505
449
393
3500
420
363
318
505
435
381
570
495
433
400
455
392
343
545
469
410
615
535
468
500
515
448
392
620
537
470
700
613
536
600
575
690
780
700
630
755
855
750
655
785
885
800
680
815
920
900
730
870
985
1000
780
935
1055
The ampacities under subheading D shall be permitted for single-conductor Types SC, SCE, SCT, PPE, and W cable only where the individual conductors are not installed in raceways and are not in physical contact with each other except in lengths not to exceed 600 mm (24 in.) where passing through the wall of an enclosure.
2The ampacities under subheading E apply to two-conductor cables and other multiconductor cables connected to utilization equipment so that only two conductors are current-carrying.
3The ampacities under subheading F apply to three-conductor cables and other multiconductor cables connected to utilization equipment so that only three conductors are current-carrying.
Table 400.5(A) (3) Adjustment Factors for More Than Three Current-Carrying Conductors in a Flexible Cord or Flexible Cable
Number of Conductors
Percent of Value in Table 400.5(A)(1) and Table 400.5(A)(2)
4 6
80
7-9
70
10-20
50
21-30
45
31-40
40
41 and above
35
400.12 Uses Not Permitted. Unless specifically permitted in 400.10, flexible cords, flexible cables, cord sets, and power supply cords shall not be used for the following:
(1) As a substitute for the fixed wiring of a structure
(2) Where run through holes in walls, structural ceilings, suspended ceilings, dropped ceilings, or floors
(3) Where run through doorways, windows, or similar open- ings
(4) Where attached to building surfaces
Exception to (4): Flexible cord and flexible cable shall be permitted to be attached to building surfaces in accordance with 368.56(B) and 590.4.
(5) Where concealed by walls, floors, or ceilings or located above suspended or dropped ceilings
Exception to (5): Flexible cords, flexible cables, and power supply cords shall be permitted if contained within an enclosure for use in other spaces used for environmental air as permitted by 300.22(C)(3).
(6) Where installed in raceways, except as otherwise permit- ted in this Code
(7) Where subject to physical damage
Informational Note: See LL 817, Cord Sets and Power Supply Cords, and UL. 62, Flexible Cords and Cables, for proper application.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-285
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
118
400.13
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
400.13 Splices. Flexible cord shall be used only in continuous lengths without splice or tap where initially installed in applica- tions permitted by 400.10(A). The repair of hard-service cord and junior hard-service cord (sec Trade Name column in Table 400.4) 14 AWG and larger shall be permitted if conductors arc spliced in accordance with 110.14(B) and the completed splice retains the insulation, outer sheath properties, and usage char- acteristics of the cord being spliced.
400.14 Pull at Joints and Terminals. Flexible cords and flexi- ble cables shall be connected to devices and to fittings so that tension is not transmitted to joints or terminals.
Exception: Listed portable single-pole devices that are intended to accommodate such tension at their terminals shall be permitted to be used with single-conductor flexible cable.
Informational Note: Some methods of preventing pull on a cord from being transmitted to joints or terminals include knotting the cord, winding with tape, and using support or strain-relief fittings.
400.15 In Show Windows and Showcases. Flexible cords used in show windows and showcases shall be Types S, SE, SEO, SEOO, SJ, SJE, SJEO, SJEOO, SJO, SJOO, SJT, SJTO, SJTOO, SO, SOO, ST, STO, STOO, SEW, SEOW, SEOOW, SJEW, SJEOW, SJEOOW, SJOW, SJOOW, SJTW, SJTOW, SJTOOW, SOW, SOOW, STW, STOW, or STOOW.
Exception No. 1: For the wiring of chain-supported luminaires.
Exception No. 2: As supply cords for portable luminaires and other merchandise being displayed or exhibited.
400.16 Overcurrent Protection. Flexible cords not smaller than 18 AWG, and tinsel cords or cords having equivalent char- acteristics of smaller size approved for use with specific applian- ces, shall be considered as protected against overcurrent in accordance with 240.5.
400.17 Protection from Damage. Flexible cords and flexible cables shall be protected by bushings or fittings where passing through holes in covers, outlet boxes, or similar enclosures.
In industrial establishments where the conditions of mainte- nance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons serv- ice the installation, flexible cords and flexible cables shall be permitted to be installed in aboveground, raceways that are no longer than 15 m (50 ft) to protect the flexible cord or flexible cable from physical damage. Where more than three current- carrying conductors are installed within the raceway, the ampacity shall be adjusted in accordance with Table 400.5(A) (3).
Part II. Construction Specifications
400.20 Labels. Flexible cords shall be examined and tested at the factory and labeled before shipment.
400.21 Construction.
(A) Conductors. The individual conductors of a flexible cord or flexible cable shall have copper flexible stranding and shall not be smaller than the sizes specified in Table 400.4.
(B) Nominal Insulation Thickness. The nominal thickness of insulation for conductors of flexible cords and flexible cables shall not be less than specified in Table 400.4.
400.22 Grounded-Conductor Identification. Onc conductor of flexible cords that is intended to be used as a grounded circuit conductor shall have a continuous marker that readily distin- guishes it from the other conductor or conductors. The identi- fication shall consist of one of the methods indicated in 400.22(A) through (F).
(A) Colored Braid. A braid finished to show a white or gray color and the braid on the other conductor or conductors finished to show a readily distinguishable solid color or colors.
(B) Tracer in Braid. A tracer in a braid of any color contrast- ing with that of the braid and no tracer in the braid of the other conductor or conductors. No tracer shall be used in the braid of any conductor of a flexible cord that contains a conductor having a braid finished to show white or gray.
Exception: In the case of Types C and PD and cords having the braids on the individual conductors finished to show white or gray. In such cords, the identifying marker shall be permitted to consist of the solid white or gray finish on one conductor, provided there is a colored trarer in the braid of each other conductor.
(C) Colored Insulation. A white or gray insulation on one conductor and insulation of a readily distinguishable color or colors on the other conductor or conductors for cords having no braids on the individual conductors.
For jacketed cords furnished with appliances, one conductor having its insulation colored light blue, with the other conduc- tors having their insulation of a readily distinguishable color other than white or gray.
Exception: Cords that have insulation on the individual conductors integral with the jacket.
The insulation shall be permitted to be covered with an outer finish to provide the desired color.
(D) Colored Separator. A white or gray separator on one conductor and a separator of a readily distinguishable solid color on the other conductor or conductors of cords having insulation on the individual conductors integral with the jacket.
(E) Tinned Conductors. One conductor having the individual strands tinned and the other conductor or conductors having the individual strands untinned for cords having insulation on the individual conductors integral with the jacket.
(F) Surface Marking. One or more ridges, grooves, or white stripes located on the exterior of the cord so as to identify one conductor for cords having insulation on the individual conductors integral with the jacket.
400.23 Equipment Grounding Conductor Identification. A conductor intended to be used as an equipment grounding conductor shall have a continuous identifying marker readily distinguishing it from the other conductor or conductors. Conductors having a continuous green color or a continuous green color with one or more yellow stripes shall not be used for other than equipment grounding conductors. Cords or cables consisting of integral insulation and a jacket without a nonintegral cquipment grounding conductor shall be permit- ted to be green. The identifying marker shall consist of one of the methods in 400.23(A) or (B).
70-286
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
400.47
(A) Colored Braid. A braid finished to show a continuous green color or a continuous green color with one or more yellow stripcs.
(B) Colored Insulation or Covering. For cords having no braids on the individual conductors, an insulation of a continu- ous green color or a continuous green color with one or more yellow stripes.
400.24 Attachment Plugs. Where a flexible cord is provided with an equipment grounding conductor and equipped with an attachment plug, the attachment plug shall comply with 250.138(A) and (B).
Part III. Portable Cables Over 600 Volts, up to 2000 Volts, Nominal
400.30 General. Part III applies to single and multiconductor portable cables used to connect mobile equipment and machi- nery.
400.31 Construction.
(A) Conductors. The conductors shall be 12 AWG copper or larger and shall employ flexible stranding.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductor(s). An equipment grounding conductor(s) shall be provided in cables with three or more conductors. The total arca shall not be less than that of the size of the equipment grounding conductor required in 250.122.
400.32 Shielding. All shields shall be connected to an equip- ment grounding conductor.
400.33 Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment grounding conductors shall be connected in accordance with Parts VI and VII of Article 250.
400.34 Minimum Bending Radii. The minimum bending radii for portable cables during installation and handling in service shall be adequate to prevent damage to the cable.
400.35 Fittings. Connectors used to connect lengths of cable in a run shall be of a type that locks or latches firmly together. Provisions shall be made to prevent opening or closing these connectors while energized. Suitable means shall be used to eliminate tension at connectors and terminations.
400.36 Splices and Terminations. Portable cables shall not contain splices unless the splices are of the permanent molded, vulcanized types in accordance with 110.14(B). Terminations on portable cables rated over 600 volts, nominal, shall be acces- sible only to authorized and qualified personnel.
Part IV. Portable Power Feeder Cables Over 2000 Volts, Nomi- nal
400.40 General. Part IV applies to single and multiconductor portable power feeder cables over 2000 volts nominal used to connect portable equipment and machinery.
400.41 Portable Power Feeder Cables. Portable power feeder cables rated greater than 2000 volts shall comply with 400.14, 400.17, and 400.23 and with the following sections.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WC 58/ ICEA S-75-381,
Portable and Power Feeder Cables for Use in Mines and Similar Applica-
tions, for information on construction, testing, and marking of portable power feeder cables.
400.42 Uses Permitted. Portable power feeder cables over 2000 volts shall be used for the following:
(1) Connection of portable equipment and machinery or for wiring of cranes and hoists
(2) Temporary services and installations
400.43 Uses Not Permitted. Portable power feeder cables over 2000 volts shall not be used for the following:
(1) As a substitute for the fixed wiring of a structure
(2) Where run through holes in walls, ceilings, or floors
(3) Where run through doorways, windows, or similar open- ings
(4) Where attached to building surfaces
(5) Where concealed by walls, floors, or ceilings
(6) Where installed in raceways, except as otherwise permit- ted in this Code
(7) Where subject to physical damage
400.44 Construction.
(A) Conductors. The conductors shall be 6 AWG copper or larger and shall employ flexible stranding.
(B) Nominal Insulation Thickness. The nominal thickness of insulation for portable power feeder cables shall not be less than specified in Table 400.44(B) (1) through Table 400.44(B) (4):
(C) Equipment Grounding Conductor(s). An equipment grounding conductor(s) shall be provided in cables with three or more conductors. The total arca shall not be less than that of the size of the equipment grounding conductor required in 250.122.
400.45 Shielding. All shields shall be grounded at least at one cnd.
400.46 Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment grounding conductors shall be connected in accordance with Parts VI and VII of Article 250.
400.47 Minimum Bending Radii. The minimum bending radii for portable power feeder cables from 2000 volts to 5000 volts shall not exceed six times the overall cable outer diameter. The minimum bending radii for portable cables from 5001 volts to 25,000 volts shall not exceed eight times the overall cable outer diameter.
Table 400.44(B)(1) Thickness of Insulation for Three- Conductor Type G Portable Power Feeder Cables Rated 2000 Volts to 5000 Volts and Equipment Grounding Conductor Size
Nominal Insulation Thickness of Power Conductors
Equipment Grounding Conductor
Copper Conductor Size (AWG) or kemil
mils
mm
Size AWG
6
110
2.79
10
4-2
110
2.79
8
1
110
2.79
7
1/0
110
2.79
6
2/0
110
2.79
5
3/0
110
2.79
4
4/0
110
2.79
3
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-287
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
400.48
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.44(B)(2) Thickness of Insulation for Single Conductor Type SH Portable Power Feeder Cables Rated 2000 Volts to 25,000 Volts for 100 Percent Insulation Level
Nominal Insulation Thickness of Power Conductors
Copper Conductor Size (AWG) or kcmil
mils
mm
6-4/0
2001 to 5000 volts 110 120
2.79
250-500
3.05
4-500
5001 to 8000 volts 150
3.81
2-500
8001 to 15,000 volts 210
5.33
1-500
15,001 to 25,000 volts 295
7.49
Table 400.44(B)(3) Thickness of Insulation for Three- Conductor Type SHD and SHD-GC Portable Power Feeder Cables Rated 2000 Volts to 25,000 Volts for 100 Percent Insulation Level and Grounding Conductor Size
Copper Conductor Size (AWG) or kcmil
mils
mm
Size AWG
2000 to 5000 volts
110
2.79
8
120
3.05
8
5001 to 8000 volts
4-500
150
3.81
8
8001 to 15,000 volts
2-4/0
210
5.33
8
1-4/0
295
7.49
8
Table 400.44(B)(4) Thickness of Insulation for Three- Conductor Type SHD-CGC Portable Power Feeder Cables Rated 2000 Volts to 5000 Volts for 100 Percent Insulation Level and Grounding Conductor Size
Copper Conductor Size (AWG) or kcmil
mils
Size AWG
6
110
2.79
10
4-2
110
2.79
8
1
110
2.79
7
1/0
110
2.79
6
2/0
110
2.79
5
3/0
110
2.79
4
4/0
110
2.79
3
250
120
3.05
2
300-350 500
120
3.05
1
120
3.05
2/0
400.48 Fittings. The use of connectors and couplers to connect lengths of cable together in a run shall not be permit- ted.
400.49 Splices and Terminations. Portable power feeder cables shall not contain splices. Connectors, couplers, lugs, elbows, and terminations for portable power feeder cables rated over 2000 volts, nominal, shall be accessible only to authorized and qualified personnel. Suitable means shall be used to eliminate tension at connectors, couplers, lugs, elbows, and terminations.
400.50 Types. Portable power feeder cables rated greater than 2000 volts shall conform to the description in Table 400.50. Types G, SHD-PCG, and SHD-CGC shall be used only from 2000 volts to 5000 volts. Types SH, SHD, and SHD-GC shall be used from 2000 volts to 25,000 volts. Where a Type designation for portable power feeder cables over 2000 volts conflicts with a designation description in Table 400.4, the description in Table 400.50 shall apply. The use of portable power feeder cables other than those in Table 400.50 shall require permission by the authority having jurisdiction.
400.51 Ampacities for Portable Power Feeder Cables Rated Greater Than 2000 Volts.
(A) Ampacity Tables. Table 400.51(A) (1) provides the ampaci- tics for single and three-conductor portable power feeder cables rated greater than 2000 volts. Where portable power feeder cables are used in ambient temperatures other than 30 (86°F), the temperature correction factors from Table 400.51(A) (2) that correspond to the differing ambient temper- ature shall be applied to the ampacity in Table 400.51 (A) (1). Where the cable will not be completely unwound from the cord reel, the ampacity correction factor based on the number of layers remaining wound on a recl shall be applied as shown in Table 400.51 (A) (3).
(B) Engineering Supervision. Under engineering supervision, conductor ampacities shall be permitted to be calculated in accordance with 310.14(B).
400.52 Markings
(A) Required Markings. Portable power feeder cables shall be marked by means of a printed tag attached to the coil recl or carton. The tag shall contain the information required in 310.8(A). Types G, SHD-PCG, SH, SHD, SHD-GC, and SHD- CGC portable power feeder cables shall be durably marked on the surface at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.) with the following:
(1) The maximum rated voltage
(2) The proper type letter or letters for the type of portable power feeder cable as specified elsewhere in this Code
(3) The manufacturer's name, trademark, or other distinctive marking by which the organization responsible for the product can be readily identified
(4) The AWG size or circular mil arca
(5) Maximum operating temperature
(B) Optional Markings. Portable power feeder cables listed in Table 400.50 shall be permitted to be surface marked to indi- cate special characteristics of the cable materials. These mark- ings shall be permitted to include, but are not limited to, markings for limited smoke, sunlight resistance, and so forth.
70-288
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Nominal Insulation Thickness of Power Conductors
Grounding Conductor
6-4/0 250-500
15,001 to 25,000 volts
Nominal Insulation Thickness of Power Conductors
Equipment Grounding Conductor
400.52
ARTICLE 400 - FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.50 Portable Power Feeder Cables
Trade Name
Type Letter
Voltage
AWG or kemil
Insulation
Outer Covering
Ground Check Conductor
Grounding Conductor
Shielded
Multiconductor Configuration
Portable
G
2001-5000
8 4/0
Thermoset
Ileavy duty or No extra heavy duty Thermoset
Yes
Yes
Two parallel power conductors with a single grounding conductor
SIID-PCG
2001 -5000
3 4/0
Thermoset
Ileavy duty or No extra heavy duty
Yes
Individually shielded
Round three power
Thermoset
power conductors
conductors that are separately covered with insulation, a tape, and a metallic shield, grounding conductor,
and one or more control conductors under a unit
jacket.
SII
2001-25,000
6-500
Thermoset
Heavy duty or No extra heavy duty Thermoset
No
Yes
.V/A
SIID
2001-25,000
6-500
Thermoset
Ileavy duty or No extra heavy duty Thermoset
Yes
Individually shielded
Round three power
power
conductors that are
conductors and
grounding
conductors
separately covered with insulation, a tape, and a shield, and three grounding
conductors, one in cach interstice.
SIID-GC
2001-25,000
6-500
Thermoset
Heavy duty or Yes extra heavy duty Thermoset
Yes
Individually shielded
Round three power
power and grounding conductors
conductors that are
separately covered with
insulation, a
tape, and a shield, and two grounding
conductors and one
ground-check
conductor
(continues)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-289
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Power Feeder Cables
400.52
ARTICLE 400 -FLEXIBLE CORDS AND FLEXIBLE CABLES
Table 400.50
Continued
Trade Name
Type Letter
Voltage
AWG or kemil
Insulation
Outer Covering
Ground Check Grounding Conductor
Conductor
Shielded
Multiconductor Configuration
SIID-CGC
2001-5000
8-500
Thermoset
Ileavy duty or Yes
Yes
Individually
Round three power
extra heavy
duty
Thermoset
conductors,
that are
grounding
separately
conductors,
covered with
and one
insulation, a
ground-
tape, and
check
metal shield,
conductor
three
grounding
conductors,
and one
center
ground-check conductor.
Table 400.51(A) (1) Ampacity for Portable Power Feeder Cables Over 2000 Volts [Based on Ambient Temperature of 30 (86°F)]
Single Conductor*
Three Conductor
Copper Conductor Size (AWG) or kcmil
2001-
8001-
15,001-
2001-
8001-
8001-
Copper Conductor Size (AWG) or kcmil
64321 6 3 2 I
123
102
6
163
134
4
188
154
3
214
214
175
180
196
2
247
247
244
202
205
210
I
1/0
286
285
280
232
236
240
1/0
2/0
329
328
322
267
270
274
2/0
3/0
379
377
371
307
311
315
3/0
4/0
440
437
428
353
357
360
4/0
250
488
484
473
390
395
396
250
300
545
540
528
438
300
350
604
597
582
478
350
400
656
649
629
470
400
450
704
696
676
503
450
500
757
746
725
536
500
Note: Ampacities are based on a conductor temperature of 90 (194°F) and an ambient air temperature of 30°C (86°F).
*Ampacities are based on single isolated cable in air operated with open-circuited shield.
Table 400.51(A) (2) Adjustment Factors for Different Ambient Temperatures
Ambient Temperature, Degrees
ºF
Multiplying Correction Factor
10
50
1.26
20
68
1.18
30
86
1.10
40
104
1.00
50
122
0.90
shielded
power
conductors
8000 Volts 15,000 Volts 25,000 Volts 8000 Volts 15,000 Volts 15,000 Volts
Shielded
Shielded
Shielded
Shielded
Shielded
Shielded
in center
70-290
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
404.2
ARTICLE 404-SWITCHES
Table 400.51 (A)(3) Adjustment Factors for Number of Layers of Cable Wound on a Reel
Number of Layers
Multiplying Correction Factor
1
0.85
2
0.65
3
0.45
4*
0.35
*If more than four layers of cable are wound on the reel, ampacity derating should be calculated using engineering supervision.
ARTICLE 402 Fixture Wires
402.1 Scope. This article covers general requirements and construction specifications for fixture wires.
402.2 Other Articles. Fixture wires shall comply with this arti- cle and also with the applicable provisions of other articles of this Code.
Informational Note: See Part VI of Article 410 for application in luminaires.
402.3 Types. Fixture wires shall be of a type listed in Table 402.3, and they shall comply with all requirements of that table. The fixture wires listed in Table 402.3 arc all suitable for service at 600 volts, nominal, unless otherwise specified.
Informational Note: Thermoplastic insulation may stiffen at temperatures lower than -10 (+14ºF). Thermoplastic insula- tion may also be deformed at normal temperatures where subjected to pressure, such as at points of support.
402.5 Ampacities for Fixture Wires. The ampacity of fixture wire shall be as specified in Table 402.5.
No conductor shall be used under such conditions that its operating temperature exceeds the temperature specified in Table 402.3 for the type of insulation involved.
Informational Note: See 310.14(A) (3), for temperature limita- tion of conductors.
402.6 Minimum Size. Fixture wires shall not be smaller than 18 AWG.
402.7 Number of Conductors in Conduit or Tubing. The number of fixture wires permitted in a single conduit or tubing shall not exceed the percentage fill specified in Table 1, Chap- ter 9.
402.8 Grounded Conductor Identification. Fixture wires that are intended to be used as grounded conductors shall be iden- tified by one or more continuous white stripes on other than green insulation or by the means described in 400.22(A) through (E).
402.9 Marking.
(A) Method of Marking. Thermoplastic insulated fixture wire shall be durably marked on the surface at intervals not exceed- ing 610 mm (24 in.). All other fixture wire shall be marked by means of a printed tag attached to the coil, recl, or carton.
(B) Optional Marking. Fixture wire types listed in Table 402.3 shall be permitted to be surface marked to indicate special
characteristics of the cable materials. These markings include, but are not limited to, markings for limited smoke, sunlight resistance, and so forth.
402.10 Uses Permitted. Fixturc wires shall be permitted (1) for installation in luminaires and in similar equipment where enclosed or protected and not subject to bending or twisting in usc, or (2) for connecting luminaires to the branch- circuit conductors supplying the luminaires.
402.12 Uses Not Permitted. Fixture wires shall not be used as branch-circuit conductors except as permitted elsewhere in this Code.
402.14 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection for fixture wires shall be as specified in 240.5.
ARTICLE 404 Switches
Part I. General
404.1 Scope. This article covers all switches, switching devices, and circuit breakers used as switches operating at 1000 volts and below, unless specifically referenced elsewhere in this Code for higher voltages.
This article does not cover wireless control equipment to which circuit conductors are not connected.
Informational Note: See 210.70 for additional information rela- ted to branch circuits that include switches or listed wall- mounted control devices.
404.2 Switch Connections.
(A) Three-Way and Four-Way Switches. Three-way and four- way switches shall be wired so that all switching is donc only in the ungrounded circuit conductor. Where in metal raceways or metal-armored cables, wiring between switches and outlets shall be in accordance with 300.20(A).
Exception: Switch loops shall not require a grounded conductor.
(B) Grounded Conductors. Switches or circuit breakers shall not disconnect the grounded conductor of a circuit.
Exception: A switch or circuit breaker shall be permitted to disconnect a grounded circuit conductor where all circuit conductors are disconnec- ted simultaneously, or where the device is arranged so that the grounded conductor cannot be disconnected until all the ungrounded conductors of the circuit have been disconnected.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-291
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
404.2
ARTICLE 404-SWITCHES
Table 402.3 Fixture Wires
Thickness of Insulation
Name
Type Letter
Insulation
AWG
mm
mils
Outer Covering
Maximum Operating Temperature
Application Provisions
I Ieat-resistant rubber- covered fixture wire - flexible stranding
FFII-2
IIeat-resistant rubber or cross- linked synthetic polymer
18-16
0.76
30
Nonmetallic covering
75° (167ºF) 90° (194ºF)
Fixture wiring
ECTFE -solid or 7- strand
IIF
Ethylene chloro- trifluoroethylene
18-14
0.38
15
None
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring
ECTFE - flexible stranding
IIFF
Ethylene chlorotrifluo- roethylene
18-14
0.38
15
None
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring
Tape insulated fixture wire - solid or 7-strand
KF-1 KF-2
Aromatic polyimide tape Aromatic polyimide tape
18-10
0.14
5.5
None
200° (392°F) 200° (392°F)
Fixture wiring - limited to 300 volts Fixture wiring
Tape insulated fixture wire - flexible stranding
KFF-1
18-10
0.14
5.5
None
200° (392°F)
Fixture wiring - limited to 300 volts Fixture wiring
Perfluoro-alkoxy - solid or 7-strand (nickel or nickel-coated copper)
PAF
Perfluoro- alkoxy
18-14
0.51
20
None
250° (482°F)
Fixture wiring (nickel or nickel-coated copper)
Perfluoro-alkoxy - flexible stranding
PAFF
Perfluoro- alkoxy
18-14
0.51
20
None
150° (302ºF)
Fixture wiring
Fluorinated ethylene propylene fixture wire -solid or 7-strand
PF
Fluorinated ethylene propylene
18-14
0.51
20
None
200° (392ºF)
Fixture wiring
Fluorinated ethylene propylene fixture wire - flexible stranding
PFF
Fluorinated ethylene propylene
18-14
0.51
20
None
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring
Fluorinated ethylene propylene fixture wire - solid or 7-strand
PGF
Fluorinated ethylene propylene
18-14
0.36
14
Glass braid
200° (392°F)
Fixture wiring
Fluorinated ethylene propylene fix ture wire - flexible stranding
PGFF
Fluorinated ethylene propylene
18-14
0.36
14
Glass braid
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring
Extruded polytetrafluoroethylene - solid or 7-strand (nickel or nickel- coated copper)
PTF
Extruded polytetrafluo- roethylene
18-14
0.51
20
None
250° (482°F)
Fixture wiring (nickel or nickel-coated copper)
Extruded polytetrafluoroethylene - flexible stranding 26-36 (AWG silver or nickel-coated copper)
PTFF
Extruded polytetrafluo- roethylene
18-14
0.51
20
None
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring (silver or nickel-coated copper)
I leat-resistant rubber- covered fixture wire - solid or 7-strand
RFII-1
IIeat-resistant rubber
18
0.38
15
Nonmetallic covering
75° (167ºF)
Fixture wiring - limited to 300 volts
RFII-2
IIeat-resistant rubber Cross-linked synthetic polymer
18-16
0.76
30
None or non- metallic covering
75° (167ºF)
Fixture wiring
(continues)
70-292
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
KFF-2
Aromatic polyimide tape Aromatic polyimide tape
18-10
0.21
8.4
None
200° (392ºF)
18-10
0.21
8.4
None
FFIIII-2
404.2
ARTICLE 404- SWITCHES
Table 402.3 Continued
Thickness of Insulation
Name
Type Letter
Insulation
AWG
mm
mils
Outer Covering
Maximum Operating Temperature
Application Provisions
I leat-resistant cross-linked synthetic polymer- insulated fixture wire - solid or 7-strand
RFIIII-2% RFIIII-3%
Cross-linked synthetic polymer
18-16 18-16
0.76 1.14
30 45
None or non- metallic covering
90° (194ºF)
Fixture wiring
Silicone insulated fixture wire - solid or 7-strand
SF-1
Silicone rubber
18
0.38
15
Nonmetallic covering
200° (392ºF)
Fixture wiring - limited to 300 volts
SF-2
Silicone rubber
18-12 10
0,76 1.14
30 45
Nonmetallic covering
200° (392°F)
Fixture wiring
Silicone insulated fixture wire - flexible stranding
SFF-1
Silicone rubber
18
0,38
15
Nonmetallic covering
150° (302ºF)
Fixture wiring - limited to 300 volts
SFF-2
Silicone rubber
18-12 10
0.76 1.14
30 45
Nonmetallic covering
150° (302ºF)
Fixture wiring
Thermoplastic covered fixture wire - solid or 7-strand
TF&
Thermoplastic
18-16
0.76
30
None
60° (140°F)
Fixture wiring
Thermoplastic covered fixture wire - flexible stranding
TFF*
Thermoplastic
18-16
0.76
30
None
60° (140°F)
Fixture wiring
I leat-resistant thermoplastic covered fixture wire -solid or 7-strand
Thermoplastic
18-16
0.38
15
Nylon- jacket- ed or equivalent
90° (194ºF)
Fixture wiring
I leat-resistant thermoplastic covered fixture wire - flexible stranded
XF*
Cross-linked polyolefin
18-14 12-10
0.76 1.14
30 45
None
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring - limited to 300 volts
Cross-linked polyolefin insulated fixture wire - flexible stranded
XFF*
Cross-linked polyolefin
18-14 12-10
0.76 1.14
30 45
None
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring - limited to 300 volts
Modified ETFE - solid or 7-strand
ZF
Modified ethylene tetrafluoro- ethylene
18-14
0.38
15
None
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring
Modified ETFE - flexible stranding
ZFF
Modified ethylene tetrafluoro- ethylene
18-14
0,38
15
None
150° (302°F)
Fixture wiring
I ligh temp. modified ETFE-solid or 7- strand
ZIIF
Modified ethylene tetrafluoro- ethylene
18-14
0.38
15
None
200° (392ºF)
Fixture wiring
*Insulations and outer coverings that meet the requirements of flame retardant, limited smoke, and are so listed, shall be permitted to be marked for limited smoke after the Code type designation.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-293
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
Nylon- jacket- ed or equivalent
90° (194ºF)
Fixture wiring
Cross-linked polyolefin insulated fixture wire -solid or 7-strand
Thermoplastic
18-16
0,38
15
404.2
ARTICLE 404- SWITCHES
Table 402.5 Ampacity for Fixture Wires
Size (AWG)
Ampacity
18
6
16
8
14
17
12
23
10
28
(C) Switches Controlling Lighting Loads. The grounded circuit conductor for the controlled lighting circuit shall be installed at the location where switches control lighting loads that are supplied by a grounded general-purpose branch circuit serving bathrooms, hallways, stairways, and habitable rooms or occupiable spaces as defined in the applicable building code. Where multiple switch locations control the same lighting load such that the entire floor arca of the room or space is visible from the single or combined switch locations, the grounded circuit conductor shall only be required at one location. A grounded conductor shall not be required to be installed at lighting switch locations under any of the following conditions:
(1) Where conductors enter the box enclosing the switch through a raceway, provided that the raceway is large enough for all contained conductors, including a groun- ded conductor
(2) Where snap switches with integral enclosures comply with 300.15(E)
(3) Where lighting in the arca is controlled by automatic mcans
(4) Where a switch controls a receptacle load
The grounded conductor shall be extended to any switch location as necessary and shall be connected to switching devi- ces that require line-to-neutral voltage to operate the electron- ics of the switch in the standby mode and shall meet the requirements of 404.22.
Exception: The connection requirement shall not apply to replacement or retrofit switches installed in locations prior to loral adoption of 404.2(C) and where the grounded conductor cannot be extended with- out removing finish materials. The number of electronic control switches on a branch circuit shall not exceed five, and the number connected to any feeder on the load side of a system or main bonding jumper shall not exceed 25. For the purpose of this exception, a neutral busbar, in compliance with 200.2(B) and to which a main or system bonding jumper is connected shall not be limited as to the number of electronic lighting control switches connected.
Infonnational Note: The provision for a grounded conductor is to complete a circuit path for electronic lighting control devices.
404.3 Enclosure.
(A) General. Switches and circuit breakers shall be of the externally operable type mounted in an enclosure listed for the intended use. The minimum wire-bending space at terminals and minimum gutter space provided in switch enclosures shall be as required in 312.6.
Exception No. 1: Pendant- and surface-type snap switches and knife switches mounted on an open-face switchboard or panelboard shall be permitted without enclosures.
Exception No. 2: Switches and circuit breakers installed in accordance with 110.27(A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3), or (A)(4) shall be permitted with- out enclosures.
(B) Used as a Raceway. Enclosures shall not be used as junc- tion boxes, auxiliary gutters, or raceways for conductors feed- ing through or tapping off to other switches or overcurrent devices, unless the enclosure complies with 312.8.
404.4 Damp or Wet Locations.
(A) Surface-Mounted Switch or Circuit Breaker. A surface- mounted switch or circuit breaker shall be enclosed in a weath- crproof enclosure or cabinet that complies with 312.2.
(B) Flush-Mounted Switch or Circuit Breaker. A flush- mounted switch or circuit breaker shall be equipped with a weatherproof cover.
(C) Switches in Tub or Shower Spaces. Switches shall not be installed within tub or shower spaces unless installed as part of a listed tub or shower assembly.
404.5 Time . Switches, Flashers, and Similar Devices. Timc switches, flashers, and similar devices shall be of the enclosed type or shall be mounted in cabinets or boxes or equipment enclosures. Energized parts shall be barriered to prevent opera- tor exposure when making manual adjustments or switching.
Exception: Devices mounted so they are accessible only to qualified persons shall be permitted without barriers, provided they are located within an enclosure such that any energized parts within 152 mm (6.0 in.) of the manual adjustment or switch are covered by suitable barriers.
404.6 Position and Connection of Switches.
(A) Single-Throw Knife Switches. Single-throw knife switches shall be placed so that gravity will not tend to close them. Single-throw knife switches, approved for use in the inverted position, shall be provided with an integral mechanical means that ensures that the blades remain in the open position when so sct.
(B) Double-Throw Knife Switches. Double-throw knifc switches shall be permitted to be mounted so that the throw is cither vertical or horizontal. Where the throw is vertical, inte- gral mechanical means shall be provided to hold the blades in the open position when so set.
(C) Connection of Switches. Single-throw knife switches and switches with butt contacts shall be connected such that their blades are de-energized when the switch is in the open posi- tion. Bolted pressure contact switches shall have barriers that prevent inadvertent contact with energized blades. Single- throw knife switches, bolted pressure contact switches, molded case switches, switches with butt contacts, and circuit breakers used as switches shall be connected so that the terminals supplying the load are de-energized when the switch is in the open position.
Exception: The blades and terminals supplying the load of a switch shall be permitted to be energized when the switch is in the open position
70-294
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
404.10
ARTICLE 404-SWITCHES
where the switch is connected to circuits or equipment inherently capable of providing a backfeed sourre of power. For such installations, a permanent sign shall be installed on the switch enclosure or immediately adjacent to open switches with the following words or equivalent: WARNING - LOAD SIDE TERMINALS MAY BE ENERGIZED BY BACKFEED. The warning sign or label shall comply with 110.21(B).
404.7 Indicating. General-use and motor-circuit switches, circuit breakers, and molded case switches, where mounted in an enclosure as described in 404.3, shall indicate, in a location that is visible when accessing the external operating means, whether they are in the open (off) or closed (on) position.
Where these switch or circuit breaker handles are operated vertically rather than rotationally or horizontally, the up posi- tion of the handle shall be the closed (on) position.
Exception No. 1: Vertically operated double-throw switches shall be permitted to be in the closed (on) position with the handle in either the up or down position.
Exception No. 2: On busway installations, tap switches employing a center-pivoting handle shall be permitted to be open or closed with either end of the handle in the up or down position. The switch position shall be clearly indirating and shall be visible from the floor or from the usual point of operation.
404.8 Accessibility and Grouping.
(A) Location. All switches and circuit breakers used as switches shall be located so that they can be operated from a readily accessible place. They shall be installed such that the center of the grip of the operating handle of the switch or circuit breaker, when in its highest position, is not more than 2.0 m (6 ft 7 in.) above the floor or working platform, except as follows:
(1) On busway installations, fused switches and circuit break- ers shall be permitted to be located at the same level as the busway. Suitable means shall be provided to operate the handle of the device from the floor.
(2) Switches and circuit breakers installed adjacent to motors, appliances, or other equipment that they supply shall be permitted to be located higher than 2.0.m (6 ft 7 in.) and to be accessible by portable means.
(3) Hookstick operable isolating switches shall be permitted at greater heights.
(B) Voltage Between Adjacent Devices. A snap switch shall not be grouped or ganged in enclosures with other snap switches, receptacles, or similar devices, unless they are arranged so that the voltage between adjacent devices does not exceed 300 volts, or unless they are installed in enclosures equipped with identi- ficd, securely installed barriers between adjacent devices.
(C) Multipole Snap Switches. A multipole, general-use snap switch shall not be fed from more than a single circuit unless it is listed and marked as a two-circuit or three-circuit switch.
Informational Note: See 210.7 for disconnect requirements where more than one circuit supplies a switch.
404.9 General-Use Snap Switches, Dimmers, and Control Switches.
(A) Faceplates. Faccplates provided for snap switches, dimmers, and control switches mounted in boxes and other enclosures shall be installed so as to completely cover the open- ing and, where the switch is flush mounted, scat against the finished surface.
(B) Grounding. Snap switches, dimmers, and control switches shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor and shall provide a means to connect metal faceplates to the equip- ment grounding conductor, whether or not a metal faceplate is installed. Metal faceplates shall be bonded to the equipment grounding conductor. Snap switches, dimmers, control switches, and metal faceplates shall be connected to an equip- ment grounding conductor using cither of the following meth- ods:
(1) The switch is mounted with metal screws to a metal box or metal cover that is connected to an equipment grounding conductor or to a nonmetallic box with inte- gral means for connecting to an equipment grounding conductor.
(2) An equipment grounding conductor or equipment bond- ing jumper is connected to an equipment grounding termination of the snap switch.
Exception No. 1: Where no means exists within the enclosure for bond- ing to the equipment grounding conductor, or where the wiring method does not include or provide an equipment grounding conductor, a snap switch without a connection to an equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted for replacement purposes only. A snap switch wired under the provisions of this exception and located within 2.5 m (8 ft) vertically, or 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally, of ground or exposed grounded metal objects shall be provided with a faceplate of nonconducting noncombustible material with nonmetallic attachment screws, unless the switch mounting strap or yoke is nonmetallic or the circuit is protec- ted by a ground-fault circuit interrupter.
Exception No. 2: Listed kits or listed assemblies shall not be required to be bonded to an equipment grounding conductor if all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The device is provided with a nonmetallic faceplate, and the device is designed such that no metallic faceplate replaces the one provided.
(2) The device does not have mounting means to accept other config- urations of faceplates.
(3) The device is equipped with a nonmetallic yoke.
(4) All parts of the device that are accessible after installation of the faceplate are manufactured of nonmetallic materials.
Exception No. 3: A snap switch with integral nonmetallic enclosure complying with 300.15(E) shall be permitted without a bonding connection to an equipment grounding conductor.
(C) Construction. Metal faceplates shall be of ferrous metal not less than 0.76 mm (0.030 in.) in thickness or of nonferrous metal not less than 1.02 mm (0.040 in.) in thickness. Faceplates of insulating material shall be noncombustible and not less than 2.54 mm (0.100 in.) in thickness, but they shall be permit- ted to be less than 2.54 mm (0.100 in.) in thickness if formed or reinforced to provide adequate mechanical strength.
404.10 Mounting of General-Use Snap Switches, Dimmers, and Control Switches.
(A) Surface Type. General-use snap switches, dimmers, and control switches used with open wiring on insulators shall be mounted on insulating material that separates the conductors at least 13 mm (1/ in.) from the surface wired over.
(B) Box Mounted. Flush-type general-use snap switches, dimmers, and control switches mounted in boxes that are set back of the finished surface as permitted in 314.20 shall be installed so that the extension plaster cars are scated against the surface. Flush-type devices mounted in boxes that are flush
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-295
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
404.11
ARTICLE 404- SWITCHES
with the finished surface or project from it shall be installed so that the mounting yoke or strap of the device is scated against the box. Screws used for the purpose of attaching a device to a box shall be of the type provided with a listed device, or shall be machine screws having 32 threads per inch or part of listed assemblies or systems, in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
404.11 Circuit Breakers as Switches. A hand-operable circuit breaker equipped with a lever or handle, or a power-operated circuit breaker capable of being opened by hand in the event of a power failure, shall be permitted to serve as a switch if it has the required number of poles.
Informational Note: See 240.81 and 240.83 for requirements for circuit breakers relative to indication of state and required markings.
404.12 Grounding of Enclosures. Metal enclosures for switches or circuit breakers shall be connected to an equip- ment grounding conductor as specified in Part IV of Arti- cle 250. Metal enclosures for switches or circuit breakers used as service equipment shall comply with the provisions of Part V of Article 250. Where nonmetallic enclosures are used with metal raceways or metal-armored cables, they shall comply with 314.3, Exception No. I or No. 2.
Except as covered in 404.9(B), Exception No. 1, nonmetallic boxes for switches shall be installed with a wiring method that provides or includes an equipment grounding conductor.
404.13 Knife Switches.
(A) Isolating Switches. Knife switches rated at over 1200 amperes at 250 volts or less, and at over 1000 amperes at 251 to 1000 volts, shall be used only as isolating switches and shall not be opened under load.
(B) To Interrupt Currents. To interrupt currents over 1200 amperes at 250 volts, nominal, or less, or over 600 amperes at 251 to 1000 volts, nominal, a circuit breaker or a switch listed for such purpose shall be used.
(C) General-Use Switches. Knife switches of ratings less than specified in 404.13(A) and (B) shall be considered general-usc switches.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of general- use switch.
(D) Motor-Circuit Switches. Motor-circuit switches shall be permitted to be of the knife-switch typc.
Informational Note: See Article 100for the definition of motor- circuit switch.
404.14 Rating and Use of Switches. Switches shall be listed and marked with their ratings. Switches of the types covered in 404.14(A) through (F) shall be limited to the control of loads as specified accordingly. Switches used to control cord-and- plug-connected loads shall be limited as covered in 404.14(G).
Informational Note No. 1: See 600.6 for switches for signs and outline lighting.
Informational Note No. 2: See 430.83, 430.109, and 430.110 for switches controlling motors.
(A) Alternating-Current General-Use Snap Switch. This form of switch shall only be used on ac circuits and used for control- ling the following:
(1) Resistive and inductive loads not exceeding the ampere rating of the switch at the voltage applied
(2) Tungsten-filament lamp loads not exceeding the ampere rating of the switch at 120 volts
(3) Electric discharge lamp loads not exceeding the marked ampere and voltage rating of the switch
(4) Motor loads not exceeding 80 percent of the ampere rating of the switch at its rated voltage
(5) Electronic ballasts, self-ballasted lamps, compact fluores- cent lamps, and LED lamp loads with their associated drivers, not exceeding 20 amperes and not exceeding the ampere rating of the switch at the voltage applied
(B) Alternating-Current or Direct-Current General-Use Snap Switch. This form of switch shall be permitted on cither ac or dc circuits and used only for controlling the following:
(1) Resistive loads not exceedling the ampere rating of the switch at the voltage applied.
(2) Inductive loads not exceeding 50 percent of the ampere rating of the switch at the applied voltage. Switches rated in horsepower are suitable for controlling motor loads within their rating at the voltage applied.
(3) Tungsten-filament lamp loads not exceeding the ampere rating of the switch at the applied voltage if T-rated.
(4) Electronic ballasts, self-ballasted lamps, compact fluores- cent lamps, and LED lamp loads with their associated drivers, not exceeding the ampere rating of the switch at the voltage applied.
(C) CO/ALR Snap Switches. Snap switches directly connected to aluminum conductors and rated 20 amperes or less shall be marked CO/ALR.
(D) Snap Switch Terminations. Snap switch terminations shall be in accordance with the following:
(1) Terminals of 15-ampere and 20-ampere snap switches not marked CO/ALR shall be used with copper and copper- clad aluminum conductors only.
(2) Terminals marked CO/ALR shall be permitted to be used with copper, aluminum, and copper-clad aluminum conductors.
(3) Snap switches connected using screwless terminals of the conductor push-in type construction (also known as conductor push-in terminals) shall be installed on not greater than 15-ampere branch circuits and shall be connected with 14 AWG solid copper wire only unless listed and marked for other types of conductors.
(E) Alternating-Current General-Use Snap Switches Rated for 347 Volts. This form of switch shall not be rated less than 15 amperes at a voltage of 347 volts ac, and they shall not be read- ily interchangeable in box mounting with switches covered in 404.14(A) and (B). These switches shall be used only for controlling any of the following:
(1) Noninductive loads other than tungsten-filament lamps not exceeding the ampere and voltage ratings of the switch.
(2) Inductive loads not exceeding the ampere and voltage ratings of the switch. Where particular load characteristics or limitations are specified as a condition of the listing, those restrictions shall be observed regardless of the ampere rating of the load.
70-296
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
406.3
ARTICLE 406 - RECEPTACLES, CORD CONNECTORS, AND ATTACHMENT PLUGS (CAPS)
(3) Electronic ballasts, self-ballasted lamps, compact fluores- cent lamps, and LED lamp loads with their associated drivers, not exceeding 20 amperes and not exceeding the ampere rating of the switch at the voltage applied.
(F) Dimmer and Electronic Control Switches. General-use dimmer switches and electronic control switches, such as timing switches and occupancy sensors, shall be used only to control permanently connected loads, such as incandescent luminaires, unless listed for the control of other loads and installed accordingly. They shall be marked by their manufac- turer with their current and voltage ratings and used for loads that do not exceed their ampere rating at the voltage applied.
(G) Cord- and-Plug-Connected Loads. Where a snap switch or control device is used to control cord-and-plug-connected equipment on a general-purpose branch circuit, cach snap switch or control device controlling receptacle outlets or cord connectors that are supplied by permanently connected cord pendants shall be rated at not less than the rating of the maxi- mum permitted ampere rating or setting of the overcurrent device protecting the receptacles or cord connectors, as provi- ded in 210.21 (B).
Informational Note: See 210.50(A) and 400.10(A) (1) for equiva- lency to a receptacle outlet of a cord connector that is supplied by a permanently connected cord pendant.
Exception: Where a snap switch or control device is used to control not more than one receptacle on a branch cirruit, the switch or control device shall be permitted to be rated at not less than the rating of the receptacle.
404.16 Reconditioned Equipment.
(A) Lighting, Dimmer, and Electronic Control Switches. Reconditioned lighting, dimmer, and electronic control switches shall not be permitted.
(B) Snap Switches. Reconditioned snap switches of any type shall not be permitted.
(C) Knife Switches, Switches with Butt Contacts, and Bolted Pressure Contact Switches. Reconditioned knife switches, switches with butt contacts, and bolted pressure contact switches shall be permitted. If equipment has been damaged by fire, products of combustion, corrosive influences, or water, it shall be specifically evaluated by its manufacturer or a qualified testing laboratory prior to being returned to service.
(D) Molded-Case Switches. Reconditioned molded-case switches shall not be permitted.
Part II. Construction Specifications
404.20 Marking.
(A) Ratings. Switches shall be marked with the current, volt- age, and, if horsepower rated, the maximum rating for which they are designed.
(B) Off Indication. Where in the off position, a switching device with a marked OFF position shall completely disconnect all ungrounded conductors to the load it controls.
404.22 Electronic Control Switches. Electronic control switches shall be listed. Electronic control switches shall not introduce current on the equipment grounding conductor during normal operation.
Exception: Electronic control switches that introduce current on the equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted for applications covered by 404.2(C), Exception. Electronic control switches that intro- dure current on the equipment grounding conductor shall be listed and marked for use in replacement or retro fit applications only.
404.26 Knife Switches Rated 600 to 1000 Volts. Auxiliary contacts of a renewable or quick-break type or the equivalent shall be provided on all knife switches rated 600 to 1000 volts and designed for use in breaking current over 200 amperes.
404.27 Fused Switches. A fused switch shall not have fuses in parallel except as permitted in 240.8.
404.28 Wire-Bending Space. The wire-bending space required by 404.3 shall meet Table 312.6(B) (2) spacings to the enclo- sure wall opposite the line and load terminals.
404.30 Switch Enclosures with Doors. Switch mechanisms mounted within enclosures with doors that, when opened, expose uninsulated live parts shall be constructed so that when the switch is in the closed position access to the switch interior is restricted. Access to the interior with the switch in the closed position shall require the use of a tool or an approved design that provides equivalent protection from access by unqualified persons.
ARTICLE 406 Receptacles, Cord Connectors, and Attachment Plugs (Caps)
406.1 Scope. This article covers the rating, type, and installa- tion of receptacles, cord connectors, and attachment plugs (cord caps).
406.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned receptacles, attachment plugs, cord connectors, and flanged surface devices shall not be permitted.
406.3 Receptacle Rating and Type.
(A) Receptacles. Receptacles shall be listed and marked with the manufacturer's name or identification and voltage and ampere ratings.
(B) Rating. Receptacles and cord connectors shall be rated not less than 15 amperes, 125 volts, or 15 amperes, 250 volts, and shall be of a type not suitable for use as lampholders.
Informational Note: See 210.21 (B) for receptacle ratings where installed on branch circuits.
(C) CO/ALR Receptacles. Receptacles rated 20 amperes or less and designed for the direct connection of aluminum conductors shall be marked CO/ALR.
(D) Receptacle Terminations. Receptacle terminations shall be in accordance with the following:
(1) Terminals of 15-ampere and 20-ampere receptacles not marked CO/ALR shall be used with copper and copper- clad aluminum conductors only.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-297
406.3
ARTICLE 406 - RECEPTACLES, CORD CONNECTORS, AND ATTACHMENT PLUGS (CAPS)
(2) Terminals marked CO/ALR shall be permitted to be used with aluminum, copper, and copper-clad aluminum conductors.
(3) Receptacles installed using screwless terminals of the conductor push-in type construction (also known as push- in-terminals) shall be installed on not greater than 15- ampere branch circuits and shall be connected with 14 AWG solid copper wire only unless listed and marked for other types of conductors.
Informational Note: See UL 498, Attachment Plugs and Receptacles, for information regarding screwless tenninals of various type constructions employed on receptacles. Screwless terminals of the separable-tenninal assembly, spring-action clamp, and insulation-displacement type constructions are not classified in UL 498 as screwless terininals of the conductor push-in type construction (also known as push-in tenninals).
(E) Isolated Ground Receptacles. Receptacles incorporating an isolated equipment grounding conductor connection inten- ded for the reduction of electromagnetic interference as permitted in 250.146(D) shall be identified by an orange trian- gle located on the face of the receptacle.
(1) Isolated Equipment Grounding Conductor Required. Receptacles so identified shall be used only with equipment grounding conductors that are isolated in accordance with 250.146(D).
(2) Installation in Nonmetallic Boxes. Isolated ground recep- tacles installed in nonmetallic boxes shall be covered with a nonmetallic faceplate.
Exception: Where an isolated ground receptacle is installed in a nonme- tallic box, a metal faceplate shall be permitted if the box contains a feature or acressory that permits the connection of the faceplate to the equipment grounding conductor.
(F) Controlled Receptacle Marking. All nonlocking-typc, 125- volt, 15- and 20-ampere receptacles that are controlled by an automatic control device, or that incorporate control features that remove power from the receptacle for the purpose of energy management or building automation, shall be perma- nently marked with the symbol shown in Figure 406.3(F) and the word "controlled."
For receptacles controlled by an automatic control device, the marking shall be located on the receptacle face and visible after installation.
In both cases where a multiple receptacle device is used, the required marking of the word "controlled" and symbol shall denote which contact device(s) are controlled.
Exception: The marking shall not be required for receptarles controlled by a wall switch that provide the required room lighting outlets as permitted by 210.70.
(G) Receptacle with USB Charger. A 125-volt 15- or 20-ampere receptacle that additionally provides Class 2 power shall be listed and constructed such that the Class 2 circuitry is integral with the receptacle.
Controlled
FIGURE 406.3(F) Controlled Receptacle Marking Symbol.
406.4 General Installation Requirements. Receptacle outlets shall be located in branch circuits in accordance with Part III of Article 210. General installation requirements shall be in accordance with 406.4(A) through (G).
(A) Grounding Type. Except as provided in 406.4(D), recepta- cles installed on 15- and 20-ampere branch circuits shall be of the grounding type. Grounding-type receptacles shall be installed only on circuits of the voltage class and current for which they are rated, except as provided in 210.21 (B) (1) for single receptacles or Table 210.21(B) (2) and Table 210.21 (B) (3) for two or more receptacles.
(B) Connection to Equipment Grounding Conductor. Recepta- cles and cord connectors that have equipment grounding conductor contacts shall have those contacts connected to an equipment grounding conductor.
Exception No. 1: Receptacles mounted on portable and vehicle-mounted generator sets and generators in accordance with 250.34.
Exception No. 2: Replacement receptacles as permitted by 406.4(D).
(C) Methods of Connection to Equipment Grounding Conduc- tor. The equipment grounding conductor contacts of recepta- cles shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor of the circuit supplying the receptacle in accordance with 250.146.
Cord connectors shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor of the circuit supplying the cord connec- tor.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.118 for acceptable grounding means.
Informational Note No. 2: See 250.130 for extensions of existing branch circuits.
(D) Replacements. Replacement of receptacles shall comply with 406.4(D) (1) through (D)(8), as applicable. Arc-fault circuit-interrupter type and ground-fault circuit-interrupter type receptacles shall be installed in a readily accessible loca- tion.
(1) Grounding-Type Receptacles. Where a grounding means exists in the receptacle enclosure or an equipment grounding conductor is installed in accordance with 250.130(C), grounding-type receptacles shall be used and shall be connec- ted to the equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 406.4(C) or 250.130(C).
(2) Non-Grounding-Type Receptacles. Where attachment to an cquipment grounding conductor does not exist in the receptacle enclosure, the installation shall comply with 406.4(D)(2)(a), (D)(2)(b), or (D)(2)(c).
(a) A non-grounding-type receptacle(s) shall be permit- ted to be replaced with another non-grounding-type recepta- clc(s).
(b) A non-grounding-type receptacle(s) shall be permit- ted to be replaced with a ground-fault circuit interrupter-type of receptacle(s). These receptacles or their cover plates shall be marked "No Equipment Ground." An equipment grounding conductor shall not be connected from the ground-fault circuit-interrupter-type receptacle to any outlet supplied from the ground-fault circuit-interrupter receptacle.
(c) A non-grounding-type receptacle(s) shall be permit- ted to be replaced with a grounding-type receptacle(s) where supplied through a ground-fault circuit interrupter. Where
70-298
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
406.5
ARTICLE 406 - RECEPTACLES, CORD CONNECTORS, AND ATTACHMENT PLUGS (CAPS)
grounding-type receptacles are supplied through the ground- fault circuit interrupter, grounding-type receptacles or their cover plates shall be marked "GFCI Protected" and "No Equip- ment Ground," visible after installation. An equipment ground- ing conductor shall not be connected between the grounding- type receptacles.
Informational Note No. 1: Some equipment or appliance manu- facturers require that the branch circuit to the equipment or appliance includes an equipment grounding conductor.
Informational Note No. 2: See 250.114 for a list of a cord-and- plug-connected equipment or appliances that require an equip- ment grounding conductor.
(3) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for receptacles shall be provided where replacements are made at receptacle outlets that are required to be so protected elsewhere in this Code. Ground- fault circuit interrupters shall be listed.
Exception: Where the outlet box size will not permit the installation of the GFCI receptacle, the receptacle shall be permitted to be replaced with a new receptacle of the existing type, where GFCI protection is provided and the receptacle is marked "GFCI Protected" and "No Equipment Ground, " in accordance with 406.4(D)(2)(a), (D)(2)(b), or (D)(2)(c), as applicable.
(4) Arc-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. If a receptacle located in any arcas specified in 210.12(A), (B), or (C) is replaced, a replacement receptacle at this outlet shall be one of the following:
(1) A listed outlet branch-circuit type AFCI receptacle
(2) A receptacle protected by a listed outlet branch-circuit type AFCI type receptacle
(3) A receptacle protected by a listed combination type AFCI circuit breaker
Exception: Section 210.12(E), Exception, shall not apply to replacement of receptacles.
(5) Tamper-Resistant Receptacles. Listed tamper-resistant receptacles shall be provided where replacements are made at receptacle outlets that are required to be tamper-resistant else- where in this Code, except in one of the following cases:
(1) Where a nongrounding receptacle is replaced with another nongrounding receptacle
(2) Where aluminum branch-circuit conductors are directly terminated on a CO/ALR receptacle, installed as replace- ment
(6) Weather-Resistant Receptacles. Weather-resistant recepta- cles shall be provided where replacements are made at recepta- cle outlets that are required to be so protected elsewhere in this Code.
(7) Controlled Receptacles. Automatically controlled recepta- cles shall be replaced with equivalently controlled receptacles. If automatic control is no longer required, the receptacle and any associatedreceptacles marked in accordance with 406.3(F) shall be replaced with a receptacle and faceplate not marked in accordance with 406.3(F).
(8) Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment (GFPE). Recepta- cles shall be provided with GFPE where replacements are made at receptacle outlets that are required to be so protected else- where in this Code.
(E) Cord- and Plug-Connected Equipment. The installation of grounding-type receptacles shall not be used as a requirement that all cord-and plug-connected equipment be of the groun- ded typc.
Informational Note: See 250.114 for types of cord-and plug- connected equipment to be grounded.
(F) Noninterchangeable Types. Receptacles connected to circuits that have different voltages, frequencies, or types of current (ac or dc) on the same premises shall be of such design that the attachment plugs used on these circuits are not inter- changcable.
(G) Protection of Floor Receptacles. Protection for floor receptacles shall be in accordance with the following:
(1) Physical protection of floor receptacles shall allow floor- cleaning equipment to be operated without damage to receptacles.
(2) All 125-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere floor recep- tacles installed in food courts and waiting spaces of passenger transportation facilities where food or drinks arc allowed shall be GFCI protected.
406.5 Receptacle Mounting. Receptacles shall be mounted in identified boxes or assemblies. The boxes or assembliesshall be securely fastened in place unless otherwise permitted elsewhere in this Code. Screws used for the purpose of attaching recepta- cles to a box shall be of the type provided with a listed recepta- clc, or shall be machine screws having 32 threads per inch or part of listed assemblies or systems, in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
(A) Boxes That Are Set Back. Receptacles mounted in boxes that are set back from the finished surface as permitted in 314.20 shall be installed such that the mounting yoke or strap of the receptacle is held rigidly at the finished surface.
(B) Boxes That Are Flush. Receptacles mounted in boxes that arc flush with the finished surface or project therefrom shall be installed such that the mounting yoke or strap of the receptacle is held rigidly against the box or box cover.
(C) Receptacles Mounted on Covers. Receptacles mounted to and supported by a cover shall be held rigidly against the cover by more than one screw or shall be a device assembly or box cover listed and identified for securing by a single screw.
(D) Position of Receptacle Faces. After installation, receptacle faces shall be flush with or project from faceplates of insulating material and shall project a minimum of 0.4 mm (0.015 in.) from metal faceplates.
Exception: Listed kits or assemblies encompassing receptacles and nonmetallic faceplates that cover the receptacle face, where the plate cannot be installed on any other receptacle, shall be permitted.
(E) Receptacles in Countertops. Receptacle assemblies for installation in countertop surfaces shall be listed for counter- top applications. Where receptacle assemblies for countertop applications are required to provide ground-fault circuit- interrupter protection for personnel in accordance with 210.8, such assembliesshall be permitted to be listed as GFCI recepta- cle assemblies for countertop applications.
(F) Receptacles in Work Surfaces. Receptacle assemblies and GFCI receptacle assemblies listed for work surface or counter- top applications shall be permitted to be installed in work surfaces.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-299
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
406.5
ARTICLE 406 - RECEPTACLES, CORD CONNECTORS, AND ATTACHMENT PLUGS (CAPS)
(G) Receptacle Orientation.
(1) Countertop and Work Surfaces. Receptacles shall not be installed in a face-up position in or on countertop surfaces or work surfaces unless listed for countertop or work surface applications.
(2) Under Sinks. Receptacles shall not be installed in a face-up position in the arca below a sink.
(H) Receptacles in Seating Areas and Other Similar Surfaces. In scating arcas or similar surfaces, receptacles shall not be installed in a face-up position unless the receptacle is any of the following:
(1) Part of an assembly listed as a furniture power distribu- tion unit
(2) Part of an assembly listed either as household furnishings or as commercial furnishings
(3) Listed cither as a receptacle assembly for countertop applications or as a GFCI receptacle assemblyfor counter- top applications
(4) Installed in a listed floor box
(I) Exposed Terminals. Receptacles shall be enclosed so that live wiring terminals are not exposed to contact.
(J) Voltage Between Adjacent Devices. A receptacle shall not be grouped or ganged in enclosures with other receptacles, snap switches, or similar devices, unless they are arranged so that the voltage between adjacent devices does not exceed 300 volts, or unless they are installed in enclosures equipped with identified, securely installed barriers between adjacent devices.
406.6 Receptacle Faceplates (Cover Plates). Receptacle face- plates shall be installed so as to completely cover the opening and scat against the mounting surface.
Receptacle faceplates mounted inside a box having a recess- mounted receptacle shall effectively close the opening and scat against the mounting surface.
(A) Thickness of Metal Faceplates. Metal faceplates shall be of ferrous metal not less than 0.76 mm (0.030 in.) in thickness or of nonferrous metal not less than 1.02 mm (0.040 in.) in thick- ness.
(B) Grounding. Metal faceplates shall be grounded.
(C) Faceplates of Insulating Material. Faceplates of insulating material shall be noncombustible and not less than 2.54 mm (0.10 in.) in thickness but shall be permitted to be less than 2.54 mm (0.10 in.) in thickness if formed or reinforced to provide adequate mechanical strength.
(D) Receptacle Faceplate (Cover Plates) with Integral Night Light and/or USB Charger. A flush device cover plate that additionally provides a night light and/or Class 2 output connector(s) shall be listed and constructed such that the night light and/or Class 2 circuitry is integral with the flush device cover plate.
Listed receptacle faceplates with integral night light, USB charger, or both, that rely solely on spring-tensioned contacts shall be connected to only brass or copper alloy receptacle terminal screws and shall be rated 1 watt or less.
Exception: Effective January 1, 2026, spring-tensioned contact conner- tions to steel receptacle terminal screws shall be permitted if the receptacle
fareplate is specifically listed and identified for connection to steel recep- tarle terminal screws.
406.7 Attachment Plugs, Cord Connectors, and Flanged Surface Devices. All attachment plugs, cord connectors, and flanged surface devices (inlets and outlets) shall be listed and marked with the manufacturer's name or identification and voltage and ampere ratings.
(A) Construction of Attachment Plugs and Cord Connectors. Attachment plugs and cord connectors shall be constructed so that there are no exposed current-carrying parts except the prongs, blades, or pins. The cover for wire terminations shall be a part that is essential for the operation of an attachment plug or connector (dead-front construction).
(B) Connection of Attachment Plugs. Attachment plugs shall be installed so that their prongs, blades, or pins are not ener- gized unless inserted into an energized receptacle or cord connectors. No receptacle shall be installed so as to require the insertion of an energized attachment plug as its source of supply.
(C) Attachment Plug Ejector Mechanisms. Attachment plug cjector mechanisms shall not adversely affect engagement of the blades of the attachment plug with the contacts of the receptacle.
(D) Flanged Surface Inlet. A flanged surface inlet shall be installed such that the prongs, blades, or pins are not energized unless an energized cord connector is inserted into it.
406.8 Noninterchangeability. Receptacles, cord connectors, and attachment plugs shall be constructed such that receptacle or cord connectors do not accept an attachment plug with a different voltage or current rating from that for which the device is intended. However, a 20-ampere T-slot receptacle or cord connector shall be permitted to accept a 15-ampere attachment plug of the same voltage rating. Non-grounding- type receptacles and connectors shall not accept grounding- type attachment plugs.
406.9 Receptacles in Damp or Wet Locations.
(A) Damp Locations. A receptacle installed outdoors in a loca- tion protected from the weather or in other damp locations shall have an enclosure for the receptacle that is weatherproof when the receptacle is covered (attachment plug cap not inser- ted and receptacle covers closed).
An installation suitable for wet locations shall also be consid- cred suitable for damp locations.
A receptacle shall be considered to be in a location protec- ted from the weather where located under roofed open porches, canopies, marquees, and the like, and will not be subjected to a beating rain or water runoff. All 125- and 250- volt nonlocking receptacles shall be a listed weather-resistant typc. Hinged covers of outlet box hoods shall be able to open at least 90 degrees, or fully open if the cover is not designed to open 90 degrees from the closed to open position, after instal- lation.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devi- ces - Dimensional Specifications, for the types of receptacles covered by this requirement.
70-300
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
406.10
ARTICLE 406 - RECEPTACLES, CORD CONNECTORS, AND ATTACHMENT PLUGS (CAPS)
(B) Wet Locations.
(1) Receptacles of 15 Amperes and 20 Amperes in a Wet Loca- tion. Receptacles of 15 amperes and 20 amperes, 125 volts and 250 volts installed in a wet location shall have an enclosure that is weatherproof whether or not the attachment plug cap is inserted. An outlet box hood installed for this purpose shall be listed and shall be identified as extra-duty. Other listed prod- ucts, enclosures, or assemblies providing weatherproof protec- tion that do not utilize an outlet box hood need not be identified extra duty. Hinged covers of outlet box hoods shall be able to open at least 90 degrees, or fully open if the cover is not designed to open 90 degrees from the closed to open posi- tion, after installation.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 514D-2016, Cover Plates for Flush-Mounted Wiring Devices, for extra-duty outlet box hoods. Extra duty identification and requirements are not applicable to listed receptacles, faceplates, outlet boxes, enclosures, or assem- blies that are identified as either being suitable for wet locations or rated as one of the outdoor enclosure-type numbers of Table 110.28 that does not utilize an outlet box hood.
Exception: 15- and 20-ampere, 125- through 250-volt receptacles installed in a wet location and subject to routine high-pressure spray washing shall be permitted to have an enclosure that is weatherproof when the attachment plug is removed.
All 15- and 20-ampere, 125- and 250-volt nonlocking-type receptacles shall be listed and so identified as the weather- resistant typc.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, for receptacle configurations. The configuration of weather-resistant receptacles covered by this requirement are identified as 5-15, 5-20, 6-15, and 6-20.
(2) Other Receptacles. All other receptacles installed in a wet location shall be listed weather-resistant type, and installation shall comply with 406.9(B) (2) (a) or (B) (2)(b).
(a) A receptacle installed in a wet location where the product intended to be plugged into it is not attended while in usc shall have an enclosure that is weatherproof with the attachment plug cap inserted or removed.
(b) A receptacle installed in a wet location where the product intended to be plugged into it will be attended while in usc (c.g., portable tools) shall have an enclosure that is weatherproof when the attachment plug is removed.
(C) Bathtub and Shower Space. Receptacles shall not be installed inside of the tub or shower or within a zone measured 900 mm (3 ft) horizontally from any outside edge of the bath- tub or shower stall, including the space outside the bathtub or shower stall space below the zonc.
The zone also includes the space measured vertically from the floor to 2.5 m (8 ft) above the top of the bathtub rim or shower stall threshold. The identified zone is all-encompassing and shall include the space directly over the bathtub or shower stall and the space below this zone, but not the space separated by a floor, wall, ceiling, room door, window, or fixed barricr.
Exception No. 1: Receptacles installed in accordance with 680.73 shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: In bathrooms with less than the required zone, the receptacle(s) required by 210.52(D) shall be permitted to be installed opposite the bathtub rim or shower stall threshold on the farthest wall within the room.
Exception No. 3: Weight supporting ceiling receptacles (WSCR) shall be permitted to be installed for listed luminaires that employ a weight supporting attachment fitting (WSAF) in damp locations complying with 410.10(D).
Exception No. 4: In a dwelling unit, a single receptacle shall be permit- ted for an electronic toilet or personal hygiene device such as an elec- tronic bidet seat. The receptacle shall be readily accessible and not located in the space between the toilet and the bathtub or shower.
Informational Note No. 1: See 210.8(A)(1) for GFCI require- ments in a bathroom.
Informational Note No. 2: See 210.11(C) for bathroom branch circuits.
Informational Note No. 3: See 210.21 (B)(1) for single recepta- cle on an individual branch.
(D) Flush Mounting with Faceplate. The enclosure for a recep- tacle installed in an outlet box flush-mounted in a finished surface shall be made weatherproof by means of a weather- proof faceplate assembly that provides a watertight connection between the plate and the finished surface.
406.10 Grounding-Type Receptacles, Adapters, Cord Connec- tors, and Attachment Plugs.
(A) Grounding Poles (Connections). Grounding-type recepta- cles, cord connectors, and attachment plugs shall be provided with one fixed grounding pole in addition to the circuit poles. The grounding contacting pole of grounding-type plug-in ground-fault circuit interrupters shall be permitted to be of the movable, self-restoring type on circuits operating at not over 150 volts between any two conductors or any conductor and ground.
(B) Grounding-Pole (Connection) Identification. Grounding- type receptacles, adapters, cord connections, and attachment plugs shall have a means for connection of an equipment grounding conductor to the grounding polc.
A terminal for connection to the grounding pole shall be designated by one of the following:
(1) A green-colored hexagonal-headed or -shaped terminal screw or nut, not readily removable.
(2) A green-colored pressure wire connector body (a wirc barrel).
(3) A similar green-colored connection device, in the case of adapters. The grounding terminal of a grounding adapter shall be a green-colored rigid car, lug, or similar device. The equipment grounding connection shall be so designed that it cannot make contact with current- carrying parts of the receptacle, adapter, or attachment plug. The adapter shall be polarized.
(4) If the terminal for the equipment grounding conductor is not visible, the conductor entrance hole shall be marked with the word green or ground, the letters G or GR, a grounding symbol, or otherwise identified by a distinctive green color. If the terminal for the equipment grounding conductor is readily removable, the arca adjacent to the terminal shall be similarly marked.
Informational Note: See Informational Note Figure 406.10(B).
(C) Grounding Terminal Use. A grounding terminal shall not be used for purposes other than connection to the equipment grounding conductor.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-301
406.10
ARTICLE 406 - RECEPTACLES, CORD CONNECTORS, AND ATTACHMENT PLUGS (CAPS)
Informational Note Figure 406.10(B) One Example of a Symbol Used to Identify the Termination Point for an Equipment Grounding Conductor.
(D) Grounding-Pole (Connection) Requirements. Grounding- type attachment plugs and mating cord connectors and recep- tacles shall be designed such that the equipment grounding connection is made before the current-carrying connections. Grounding-type devices shall be so designed that grounding poles of attachment plugs cannot be brought into contact with current-carrying parts of receptacles or cord connectors.
(E) Use. Grounding-type attachment plugs shall be used only with a cord having an equipment grounding conductor.
Informational Note: See 250.126 for identification of equipment grounding conductor terminals.
406.11 Connecting Receptacle Grounding Terminal to Box. The connection of the receptacle grounding terminal shall comply with 250.146.
406.12 Tamper-Resistant Receptacles. All 15- and 20-ampere, 125- and 250-volt nonlocking-type receptacles in the following locations shall be listed tamper-resistant receptacles:
(1) All dwelling units, boathouses, mobile homes and manu- factured homes, including their attached and detached garages, accessory buildings, and common arcas
(2) Guest rooms and guest suites of hotels, motels, and their common arcas
(3) Child care facilities
(4) Preschools and education facilities
(5) Within clinics, medical and dental offices, and outpa- tient facilities, the following spaces:
a. Business offices accessible to the general public
b. Lobbies, and waiting spaces
c. Spaces of nursing homes and limited care facilities covered in 517.10(B)(2)
(6) Places of awaiting transportation, gymnasiums, skating rinks, fitness centers, and auditoriums
(7) Dormitory units
(8) Residential carc/assisted living facilities, social and substance abuse rehabilitation facilities, and group homes
(9) Foster care facilities, nursing homes, and psychiatric hospitals
(10) Arcas of agricultural buildings accessible to the general public and any common arcas
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications. This requirement would include receptacles identified as 5-15, 5-20, 6-15, and 6-20.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 5000-2021, Building Construction and Safety Code, and the International Building Code (IBC)-2021 for more information on occupancy classifications for the types of facilities covered by this requirement.
Informational Note No. 3: Areas of agricultural building are frequently converted to hospitality areas. These areas can include petting zoos, stables, and buildings used for recreation or educational purposes where receptacles are installed.
Exception to (1) through (10): Receptacles in the following locations shall not be required to be tamper resistant:
(1) Receptacles located more than 1.7 m (51/2 ft ) above the floor
(2) Receptacles that are part of a luminaire or appliance
(3) Where the receptacle outlet is installed within the space occupied by or designated for each appliance that, in normal use, is not easily moved from one place to another and is cord-and-plug- connected in accordance with 400.10(A)(6), (A)(7), or (A)(8) the following are permitted:
a. A single receptacle that is not readily accessible and supplies one appliance
b. A duplex receptacle that is not readily accessible and supplies two appliances
(4) Nongrounding receptacles used for replacements as permitted in 406.4(D)(2)(a)
406.13 Single-Pole Separable-Connector Type. Single-pole separable connectors shall be listed and labeled and shall comply with 406.13(A) through (D).
(A) Locking or Latching Type. Single-pole separable connec- tors shall be of either the locking or latching type and marked with the manufacturer's name or identification and voltage and ampere ratings.
(B) Identification. Connectors designated for connection to the grounded circuit conductor shall be identified by a white- colored housing; connectors designated for connection to the grounding circuit conductor shall be identified by a green- colored housing.
(C) Interchangeability. Single-pole separable connectors shall be permitted to be interchangeable for ac or dc use or for different current ratings or voltages on the same premises, provided they are listed for ac/dc use and marked in a suitable manner to identify the system to which they are intended to be connected.
(D) Connecting and Disconnecting. The use of single-pole separable connectors shall be performed by a qualified person and shall comply with at least one of the following conditions:
(1) Connection and disconnection of connectors are only possible where the supply connectors are interlocked to the source, and it is not possible to connect or disconnect connectors when the supply is energized.
(2) Line connectors are of the listed sequential-interlocking type so that load connectors are connected in the follow- ing sequence and that disconnection is in the reverse sequence:
a. Equipment grounding conductor connection
b. Grounded circuit conductor connection, if provided c. Ungrounded conductor connection
(3) A caution notice that complies with 110.21 (B) is provided on the equipment employing single-pole separable connectors, adjacent to the line connectors, indicating that connections are to be performed in the following sequence and that disconnection is in the reverse sequence:
a. Equipment grounding conductor connectors
b. Grounded circuit-conductor connectors, if provided
c. U'ngrounded conductor connectors
Informational Note: See ANSI-UL 1691-2014, Single Pole Locking- Type Separable Connectors, for more information on single-pole locking-type separable connectors.
70-302
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
408.3
ARTICLE 408 -SWITCHBOARDS, SWITCHGEAR, AND PANELBOARDS
ARTICLE 408 Switchboards, Switchgear, and Panelboards
Part I. General
408.1 Scope. This article covers switchboards, switchgear, and panelboards. It does not apply to equipment operating at over 1000 volts, except as specifically referenced elsewhere in the Code.
408.2 Reconditioned Equipment. The use of reconditioned equipment within the scope of this article shall be limited as described in 408.2(A) and (B). If equipment has been damaged by fire, products of combustion, corrosive influences, or water, it shall be specifically evaluated by its manufacturer or a qualified testing laboratory prior to being returned to service.
(A) Panelboards. Reconditioned panelboards shall not be permitted.
(B) Switchboards and Switchgear. Reconditioned switchboards and switchgear, or sections of switchboards or switchgear, shall be permitted.
408.3 Support and Arrangement of Busbars and Conductors.
(A) Conductors and Busbars on a Switchboard, Switchgear, or Panelboard. Conductors and busbars on a switchboard, switch- gcar, or panelboard shall comply with 408.3(A) (1) and (A) (2) as applicable.
(1) Location. Conductors and busbars shall be located so as to be free from physical damage and shall be held firmly in place.
(2) Same Vertical Section. Other than the required intercon- nections and control wiring, only those conductors that are intended for termination in a vertical section of a switchboard or switchgear shall be located in that section.
Exception: Conductors shall be permitted to travel horizontally through vertical sections of switchboards and switchgear where such conductors are isolated from busbars by a barrier.
(B) Overheating and Inductive Effects. The arrangement of busbars and conductors shall be such as to avoid overheating due to inductive effects.
(C) Used as Service Equipment. Each switchboard, switchgear, or panelboard, if used as service equipment, shall be provided with a main bonding jumper sized in accordance with 250.28(D) or the equivalent placed within the panelboard or one of the sections of the switchboard or switchgear for connecting the grounded service conductor on its supply side to the switchboard, switchgear, or panelboard frame. All sections of a switchboard or switchgear shall be bonded together using an equipment-bonding jumper or a supply-side bonding jumper sized in accordance with 250.122 or 250.102(C) (1) as applicable.
Exception: Switchboards, switchgear, and panelboards used as service equipment on high-impedance grounded neutral systems in accordance with 250.36 shall not be required to be provided with a main bonding jumper.
(D) Terminals. In switchboards and switchgear, load terminals for field wiring shall comply with 408.18(C).
(E) Bus Arrangement.
(1) AC Phase Arrangement. Alternating-current phase arrangement on 3-phase buses shall be A, B, C from front to back, top to bottom, or left to right, as viewed from the front of the switchboard, switchgear, or panelboard. The B phase shall be that phase having the higher voltage to ground on 3-phase, 4-wirc, delta-connected systems. Other busbar arrangements shall be permitted for additions to existing installations and shall be marked.
Exception: Equipment within the same single section or multisection switchboard, switchgear, or panelboard as the meter on 3-phase, 4-wire, delta-connected systems shall be permitted to have the same phase config- u ration as the metering equipment.
Infonnational Note: See 110.15 for requirements on marking the busbar or phase conductor having the higher voltage to ground where supplied from a 4-wire, delta-connected system.
(2) DC Bus Arrangement. Direct-current ungrounded buses shall be permitted to be in any order. Arrangement of de buses shall be field marked as to polarity, grounding system, and nominal voltage.
(F) Switchboard, Switchgear, or Panelboard Identification. A caution sign(s) or a label(s) provided in accordance with 408.3(F) (1) through (F) (5) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(1) High-Leg Identification. A switchboard, switchgear, or panelboard containing a 4-wirc, delta-connected system where the midpoint of one phase winding is grounded shall be legibly and permanently field marked as follows:
CAUTION PHASE HAS VOLTS TO GROUND
(2) Ungrounded AC Systems. A switchboard, switchgear, or panelboard containing an ungrounded ac electrical system as permitted in 250.21 shall be legibly and permanently field marked as follows:
CAUTION UNGROUNDED SYSTEM OPERATING - VOLTS BETWEEN CONDUCTORS
(3) High-Impedance Grounded Neutral AC System. A switch- board, switchgear, or panelboard containing a high-impedance grounded neutral ac system in accordance with 250.36 shall be legibly and permanently field marked as follows:
CAUTION: HIGH-IMPEDANCE GROUNDED NEUTRAL AC SYSTEM OPERATING - VOLTS BETWEEN CONDUCTORS AND MAY OPERATE - VOLTS TO GROUND FOR INDEFINITE PERIODS UNDER FAULT CONDITIONS
(4) Ungrounded DC Systems. A switchboard, switchgear, or panelboard containing an ungrounded de electrical system in accordance with 250.169 shall be legibly and permanently field marked as follows:
CAUTION: UNGROUNDED DC SYSTEM OPERATING - VOLTS BETWEEN CONDUCTORS
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-303
408.3
ARTICLE 408 -SWITCHBOARDS, SWITCHGEAR, AND PANELBOARDS
(5) Resistively Grounded DC Systems. A switchboard, switch- gcar, or panelboard containing a resistive connection between current-carrying conductors and the grounding system to stabi- lize voltage to ground shall be legibly and permanently field marked as follows:
CAUTION: DC SYSTEM OPERATING - VOLTS BETWEEN CONDUCTORS AND MAY OPERATE VOLTS TO GROUND FOR INDEFINITE PERIODS UNDER FAULT CONDITIONS
(G) Minimum Wire-Bending Space. The minimum wirc- bending space at terminals and minimum gutter space provi- ded in switchboards, switchgear, and panelboards shall be as required in 312.6.
408.4 Descriptions Required.
(A) Circuit Directory or Circuit Description. Every circuit and circuit modification shall be provided with a legible and perma- nent description that complies with all of the following condi- tions as applicable:
(1) Located at cach switch or circuit breaker in a switchboard or switchgear
(2) Included in a circuit directory that is located on the face of, inside of, or in an approved location adjacent to the panel door in the case of a panelboard
(3) Clear, evident, and specific to the purpose or use of cach circuit including spare positions with an unused overcur- rent device
(4) Described with a degree of detail and clarity that is unlikely to result in confusion between circuits
(5) Not dependent on transient conditions of occupancy
(6) Clear in explaining abbreviations and symbols when used
(B) Source of Supply. All switchboards, switchgear, and pancl- boards supplied by a fecder(s) in other than one- or two-family dwellings shall be permanently marked in accordance with the following:
(1) With the identification and physical location of where the power originates
(2) With a label that is permanently affixed and of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved
(3) Using a method that is not handwritten
408.5 Clearance for Conductor Entering Bus Enclosures. Where conduits or other raceways enter a switchboard, switch- gcar, floor-standing panelboard, or similar enclosure at the bottom, approved space shall be provided to permit installation of conductors in the enclosure. The wiring space shall not be less than shown in Table 408.5 where the conduit or raceways enter or leave the enclosure below the busbars, their supports, or other obstructions. The conduit or raceways, including their end fittings, shall not risc more than 75 mm (3 in.) above the bottom of the enclosure.
408.6 Short-Circuit Current Rating. Switchboards, switchgear, and panelboards shall have a short-circuit current rating not less than the available fault current. In other than one- and two-family dwelling units, the available fault current and the date the calculation was performed shall be field marked on the enclosure at the point of supply. The marking shall comply with 110.21(B)(3).
408.7 Unused Openings. Unused openings for circuit break- crs and switches shall be closed using identified closures, or
Table 408.5 Clearance for Conductors Entering Bus Enclosures
Minimum Spacing Between Bottom of Enclosure and Busbars, Their Supports, or Other Obstructions
Conductor
mm
in.
Insulated busbars, their supports, or other obstructions
200
8
Noninsulated busbars
250
10
other approved means that provide protection substantially equivalent to the wall of the enclosure.
408.9 Replacement Panelboards. Replacement panelboards shall be permitted to be installed in existing enclosures in accordance with 408.9(A) or (B).
(A) Panelboards Listed for the Specific Enclosure. If the replacement panelboard is listed for the specific enclosure identified by cither catalog number or dimensional informa- tion, the panelboard shall be permitted to maintain its short- circuit current rating.
(B) Panelboards Not Listed for the Specific Enclosure. If the available fault current is greater than 10,000 amperes, the completed work shall be field labeled. If the available fault current is 10,000 amperes or less, the replacement panelboard shall be identified for the application. Any previously applicd listing marks on the cabinet that pertain to the panelboard shall be removed.
Part II. Switchboards and Switchgear
408.16 Switchboards and Switchgear in Damp or Wet Loca- tions. Switchboards and switchgear in damp or wet locations shall be installed in accordance with 312.2.
408.17 Location Relative to Easily Ignitible Material. Switch- boards and switchgear shall be placed so as to reduce to a mini- mum the probability of communicating fire to adjacent combustible materials. Where installed over a combustible floor, suitable protection thereto shall be provided.
408.18 Clearances.
(A) From Ceiling. For other than a totally enclosed switch- board or switchgear, a space not less than 900 mm (3 ft) shall be provided between the top of the switchboard or switchgear and any combustible ceiling, unless a noncombustible shield is provided between the switchboard or switchgear and the ceil- ing.
(B) Around Switchboards and Switchgear. Clearances around switchboards and switchgear shall comply with the provisions of 110.26.
(C) Connections. Each section of equipment that requires rcar or side access to make field connections shall be so marked by the manufacturer on the front. Section openings requiring rear or side access shall comply with 110.26. Load terminals for field wiring shall comply with 408.18(C) (1), (C)(2), or (C) (3) as applicable.
70-304
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
408.40
ARTICLE 408 -SWITCHBOARDS, SWITCHGEAR, AND PANELBOARDS
(1) Equipment Grounding Conductors. Load terminals for field wiring shall be so located that it is not necessary to reach across uninsulated ungrounded bus in order to make connec- tions.
(2) Grounded Circuit Conductors. Where multiple branch or feeder grounded circuit conductor load terminals for field wiring are grouped together in one location, they shall be so located that it is not necessary to reach across uninsulated ungrounded bus, whether or not energized, in order to make connections.
Where only one branch or feeder set of load terminals for field wiring are grouped with its associated ungrounded load terminals, they shall be so located that it is not necessary to reach across energized uninsulated bus including other branch or feeder bus in order to make connections. Bus on the line side of service, branch, or feeder disconnects is considered energized with respect to its associated load side circuits.
(3) Ungrounded Conductors. Load terminals for ungrounded conductors shall be so located that it is not necessary to reach across energized uninsulated bus in order to make connec- tions. Bus on the line side of service, branch, or feeder discon- nects is considered energized with respect to its associated load side circuits.
408.19 Conductor Insulation. An insulated conductor used within a switchboard or switchgear shall be listed, shall be flame retardant, and shall be rated not less than the voltage applied to it and not less than the voltage applied to other conductors or busbars with which it may come into contact.
408.20 Location of Switchboards and Switchgear. Switch- boards and switchgear that have any exposed live parts shall be located in permanently dry locations and then only where under competent supervision and accessible only to qualified persons. Switchboards and switchgear shall be located such that the probability of damage from equipment or processes is reduced to a minimum.
408.22 Grounding of Instruments, Relays, Meters, and Instru- ment Transformers on Switchboards and Switchgear. Instru- ments, relays, meters, and instrument transformers located on switchboards and switchgear shall be grounded as specified in 250.170 through 250.178.
408.23 Power Monitoring and Energy Management Equip- ment. The requirements of 312.8(B) shall apply.
Part III. Panelboards
408.30 General. All panclboards shall have a rating not less than the minimum feeder capacity required for the load calcu- lated in accordance with Part III, IV, or V of Article 220, as applicable.
408.36 Overcurrent Protection. In addition to the require- ment of 408.30, a panclboard shall be protected by an overcur- rent protective device having a rating not greater than that of the panelboard. This overcurrent protective device shall be located within or at any point on the supply side of the panel- board.
Exception No. 1: Individual protection shall not be required for a panelboard protected by two main circuit breakers or two sets of fuses in other than service equipment, having a combined rating not greater than that of the panelboard. A panelboard constructed or wired under
this exception shall not contain more than 42 overcurrent devices. For the purposes of determining the maximum of 42 overcurrent devices, a 2-pole or a 3-pole circuit breaker shall be considered as two or three over- current devices, respectively.
Exception No. 2: For existing panelboards, individual protection shall not be required for a panelboard used as servire equipment for an indi- vidual residential occupancy.
(A) Snap Switches Rated at 30 Amperes or Less. Panclboards cquipped with snap switches rated at 30 amperes or less shall have overcurrent protection of 200 amperes or less.
(B) Supplied Through a Transformer. Where a panelboard is supplied through a transformer, the overcurrent protection required by 408.36 shall be located on the secondary side of the transformer.
Exception: A panelboard supplied by the secondary side of a transformer shall be considered as protected by the overcurrent protection provided on the primary side of the transformer where that protection is in accord- ance with 240.21(C)(1).
(C) Delta Breakers. 'A . 3-phase disconnect or overcurrent device shall not be connected to the bus of any panelboard that has less than 3-phase buses. Delta breakers shall not be installed in panelboards.
(D) Back-Fed Devices. Plug-in-type overcurrent protection devices or plug-in type main lug assemblies that are backfed and used to terminate field-installed ungrounded supply conductors shall be secured in place by an additional fastener that requires other than a pull to release the device from the mounting means on the panelboard.
408.37 Panelboards in Damp or Wet Locations. Panclboards in damp or wet locations shall be installed to comply with 312.2.
408.38 Enclosure. Panclboards shall be mounted in cabinets, cutout boxes, or identified enclosures and shall be dead-front. Where the available fault current is greater than 10,000 amperes, the panelboard and enclosure combination shall be evaluated for the application.
Exception: Panelboards other than of the dead-front, externally operable type shall be permitted where accessible only to qualified persons.
408.39 Relative Arrangement of Switches and Fuses. In pancl- boards, fuses of any type shall be installed on the load side of any switches.
Exception: Fuses installed as part of service equipment in accordance with the provisions of 230.94 shall be permitted on the line side of the service switch.
408.40 Grounding of Panelboards. Panclboard cabinets and panelboard frames, if of metal, shall be in physical contact with cach other and shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor. Where the panelboard is used with nonmetallic raceway or cable or where separate equipment grounding conductors are provided, a terminal bar for the equipment grounding conductors shall be secured inside the cabinet. The terminal bar shall be bonded to the cabinet and panelboard frame, if of metal; otherwise it shall be connected to the cquip- ment grounding conductor that is run with the conductors feeding the panelboard.
Exception: Where an isolated equipment grounding conductor for a branch circuit or a feeder is provided as permitted by 250.146(D), the
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-305
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
408.41
ARTICLE 408-SWITCHBOARDS, SWITCHGEAR, AND PANELBOARDS
insulated equipment grounding conductor that is run with the circuit conductors shall be permitted to pass through the panelboard without being connected to the panelboard's equipment grounding terminal bar.
Equipment grounding conductors shall not be connected to a terminal bar provided for grounded conductors or neutral conductors unless the bar is identified for the purpose and is located where interconnection between equipment grounding conductors and grounded circuit conductors is permitted or required by Part II and Part VII of Article 250.
408.41 Grounded Conductor Terminations. Each grounded conductor shall terminate within the panelboard in an individ- ual terminal that is not also used for another conductor.
Exception: Grounded conductors of circuits with parallel conductors shall be permitted to terminate in a single terminal af the terminal is identified for connection of more than one conductor.
408.43 Panelboard Orientation. Panclboards shall not be installed in the face-up or face-down position.
Part IV. Construction Specifications
408.50 Panels. The panels of switchboards and switchgear shall be made of moisture-resistant, noncombustible material.
408.51 Busbars. Insulated or bare busbars shall be rigidly mounted.
408.52 Protection of Instrument Circuits. Instruments, pilot lights, voltage (potential) transformers, and other switchboard or switchgear devices with potential coils shall be supplied by a circuit that is protected by standard overcurrent devices rated 15 amperes or less.
Exception No. 1: Overcurrent devices rated more than 15 amperes shall be permitted where the interruption of the circuit could create a hazard. Short-circuit protection shall be provided.
Exception No. 2: For ratings of 2 amperes or less, sperial types of enclosed fuses shall be permitted.
408.54 Maximum Number of Overcurrent Devices. A pancl- board shall be provided with physical means to prevent the installation of more overcurrent devices than that number for which the panelboard was designed, rated, and listed.
For the purposes of this section,'a 2-pole circuit breaker or fusible switch shall be considered two overcurrent devices; a 3- pole circuit breaker or fusible switch shall be considered three overcurrent devices.
408.55 Wire-Bending Space Within an Enclosure Containing a Panelboard.
(A) Top and Bottom Wire-Bending Space. The enclosure for a panelboard shall have the top and bottom wire-bending space sized in accordance with Table 312.6(B)(2) for the largest conductor entering or leaving the enclosure.
Exception No. 1: Either the top or bottom wire-bending spare shall be permitted to be sized in accordance with Table 312.6(A) for a panel- board rated 225 amperes or less and designed to contain not over 42 overcurrent devices. For the purposes of this exception, a 2-pole or a 3-pole circuit breaker shall be considered as two or three overcurrent devices, respectively.
Exception No. 2: Either the top or bottom wire-bending space for any panelboard shall be permitted to be sized in accordance with Table
312.6(A) where at least one side wire-bending space is sized in accord- ance with Table 312.6(B)(2) for the largest conductor to be terminated in any side wire bending space.
Exception No. 3: The top and bottom wire-bending space shall be permitted to be sized in accordance with Table 312.6(A) spacings if the panelboard is designed and constructed for wiring using only a single 90-degree bend for each conductor, including the grounded circuit conductor, and the wiring diagram shows and specifies the method of wiring that shall be used.
Exception No. 4: Either the top or the bottom wire-bending space, but not both, shall be permitted to be sized in accordance with Table 312.6(A) where there are no conductors terminated in that space.
(B) Side Wire-Bending Space. Side wire-bending space shall be in accordance with Table 312.6(A) for the largest conductor to be terminated in that spacc.
(C) Back Wire-Bending Space. Where a raceway or cable entry is in the wall of the enclosure opposite a removable cover, the distance from that wall to the cover shall be permitted to comply with the distance required for one wire per terminal in Table 312.6(A). The distance between the center of the rear entry and the nearest termination for the entering conductors shall not be less than the distance given in Table 312.6(B)(2).
408.56 Minimum Spacings. The distance between uninsulated metal parts, busbars, and other uninsulated live parts shall not be less than specified in Table 408.56.
Where close proximity does not cause excessive heating, parts of the same polarity at switches, enclosed fuses, and so forth shall be permitted to be placed as close together as convenience in handling will allow.
Exception: The distance shall be permitted to be less than that specified in Table 408.56 at circuit breakers and switches and in listed compo- nents installed in switchboards, switchgear, and panelboards.
408.58 Panelboard Marking. Panclboards shall be durably marked by the manufacturer with the voltage and the current rating and the number of ac phases or de buses for which they arc designed and with the manufacturer's name or trademark in such a manner so as to be visible after installation, without disturbing the interior parts or wiring.
Table 408.56 Minimum Spacings Between Bare Metal Parts
Opposite Polarity Where Mounted on the Same Surface
Opposite Polarity Where Held Free in Air
Live Parts to Ground*
AC or DC Voltage
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
19.1
3/
12.7
12.7
Not over 125 volts, nominal Not over 250 volts, nominal Not over
31.8
11%
19.1
3%
12.7
1/2
1000 volts, nominal
50.8
2
25.4
1
25.4
1
*For spacing between live parts and doors of cabinets, the dimensions in 312.101(A) shall apply.
70-306
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
409.102
ARTICLE 409 - INDUSTRIAL CONTROL PANELS
ARTICLE 409 Industrial Control Panels
Part I. General
409.1 Scope. This article covers industrial control panels intended for general use and operating at 1000 volts or less.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 508A, Standard for Industrial Control Panels, a safety standard for industrial control panels.
409.3 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, industrial control panels that contain branch circuits for specific loads or components, or are for control of specific types of equipment addressed in other articles of this Code, shall be constructed and installed in accordance with the appli- cable requirements from those articles.
Part II. Installation
409.20 Conductor - Minimum Size and Ampacity. The size of the industrial control panel supply conductor shall have an ampacity not less than 125 percent of the full-load current rating of all heating loads plus 125 percent of the full-load current rating of the highest rated motor plus the sum of the full-load current ratings of all other connected motors and apparatus based on their duty cycle that may be in operation at the same time.
409.21 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) General. Industrial control panels shall be provided with overcurrent protection in accordance with Parts Iand II of Arti- clc 240.
(B) Location. This protection shall be provided for cach incoming supply circuit by cither of the following:
(1) An overcurrent protective device located ahead of the industrial control panel.
(2) A single main overcurrent protective device located within the industrial control panel .. Where overcurrent protection is provided as part of the industrial control panel, the supply conductors shall be considered as either feeders or taps as covered by 240.21.
(C) Rating. The rating or setting of the overcurrent protective device for the circuit supplying the industrial control panel shall not be greater than the sum of the largest rating or setting of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device provided with the industrial control panel, plus 125 percent of the full-load current rating of all resistance heat- ing loads, plus the sum of the full-load currents of all other motors and apparatus that could be in operation at the same timc.
Exception: Where one or more instantaneous trip circuit breakers or motor short-circuit protectors are used for motor branch-circuit short- circuit and ground-fault protection as permitted by 430.52(C), the procedure specified above for determining the maximum rating of the protective device for the circuit supplying the industrial control panel shall apply with the following provision: For the purpose of the calcula- tion, each instantaneous trip circuit breaker or motor short-circuit protector shall be assumed to have a rating not exceeding the maximum
percentage of motor full-load current permitted by Table 430.52(C)(1) for the type of control panel supply circuit protective device employed.
Where no branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device is provided with the industrial control panel for motor or combination of motor and non-motor loads, the rating or setting of the overcurrent protective device shall be based on 430.52 and 430.53, as applicable.
409.22 Short-Circuit Current Rating.
(A) Installation. An industrial control panel shall not be installed where the available fault current exceeds its short- circuit current rating as marked in accordance with 409.110(4).
(B) Documentation. If an industrial control panel is required to be marked with a short-circuit current rating in accordance with 409.110(4), the available fault current at the industrial control panel and the date the available fault current calcula- tion was performed shall be documented and made available to those authorized to inspect, install, or maintain the installation.
409.30 Disconnecting . Means. Disconnecting means that supply motor loads shall comply with Part IX of Article 430.
409.60 Bonding. Industrial control panels shall be grounded and bonded in accordance with 409.60(A) and (B).
(A) Grounding. An equipment grounding conductor sized in accordance with 250.122 shall be connected to an equipment grounding bus or to an equipment grounding termination point provided in a single-section industrial control panel.
(B) Bonding. Multisection industrial control panels shall be bonded together using an equipment bonding jumper sized in accordance with 250.102(D).
409.70 Surge Protection. Safety circuits for personnel protec- tion that are subject to damage from surge events shall have surge protection installed within or immediately adjacent to the control panel.
Part III. Construction Specifications
409.100 Enclosures. Table 110.28 shall be used as the basis for selecting industrial control panel enclosures for use in specific locations other than hazardous (classified) locations. The enclosures are not intended to protect against conditions such as condensation, icing, corrosion, or contamination that may occur within the enclosure or enter via the conduit or unscaled openings.
409.102 Busbars. Industrial control panels utilizing busbars shall comply with 409.102(A) and (B).
(A) Support and Arrangement. Busbars shall be protected from physical damage and be held firmly in place.
(B) Phase Arrangement. The phase arrangement on 3-phase horizontal common power and vertical buses shall be A, B, C from front to back, top to bottom, or left to right, as viewed from the front of the industrial control panel. The B phase shall be that phase having the higher voltage to ground on 3-phase, 4-wirc, delta-connected systems. Other busbar arrange- ments shall be permitted for additions to existing installations, and the phases shall be permanently marked.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-307
ARTICLE 410-LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
409.104
409.104 Wiring Space.
(A) General. Industrial control panel enclosures shall not be used as junction boxes, auxiliary gutters, or raceways for conductors feeding through or tapping off to other switches or overcurrent devices or other equipment, unless the conductors fill less than 40 percent of the cross-sectional arca of the wiring space. In addition, the conductors, splices, and taps shall not fill the wiring space at any cross section to more than 75 percent of the cross-sectional arca of that space.
(B) Wire Bending Space. Wirc bending space within industrial control panels for field wiring terminals shall be in accordance with the requirements in 430.10(B).
409.106 Spacings. Spacings in feeder circuits between uninsu- lated live parts of adjacent components, between uninsulated live parts of components and grounded or accessible non- current-carrying metal parts, between uninsulated live parts of components and the enclosure, and at field wiring terminals shall be as shown in Table 430.97(D).
Exception: Spacings shall be permitted to be less than those specified in Table 430.97(D) at circuit breakers and switches and in listed compo- nents installed in industrial control panels.
409.108 Service Equipment. Where used as service equip- ment, cach industrial control panel shall be of the type that is suitable for use as service equipment.
Where a grounded conductor is provided, the industrial control panel shall be provided with a main bonding jumper, sized in accordance with 250.28(D), for connecting the groun- ded conductor, on its supply side, to the industrial control panel equipment ground bus or equipment ground terminal.
409.110 Marking. An industrial control panel shall have permanent markings that are visible after installation. The markings in 409.110(2) and (3) shall be attached to the outside of the enclosure. The markings in 409.110(1), (4), (5), (6), and (7) shall be attached to either the inside or outside of the enclosure. The following markings shall be included:
(1) Manufacturer's name, trademark, or other descriptive marking by which the organization responsible for the product can be identified.
(2) Supply voltage, number of phases, frequency, and full- load current for cach incoming supply circuit.
(3) Where the industrial control panel is supplied by more than one electrical source and where more than one disconnecting means is required to disconnect all circuits 50-volts or more within the control panel, marked to indi- cate that more than one disconnecting means is required to de-energize the equipment. The location of the means necessary to disconnect all circuits 50-volts or more shall be documented and available.
(4) Short-circuit current rating of the industrial control panel based on one of the following:
a. Short-circuit current rating of a listed and labeled assembly
b. Short-circuit current rating established utilizing an approved method
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 508A, Standard for Industrial Control Panels, Supplement SB, for an example of an approved method.
Exception to (4): Short-circuit current rating markings are not required for industrial control panels containing only control circuit components.
(5) If the industrial control panel is intended as service equipment, marked to identify it as being suitable for use as service equipment.
(6) Electrical wiring diagram, the identification number of a separate electrical wiring diagram, or a designation refer- enced in a separate wiring diagram.
(7) An enclosure type number.
ARTICLE 410 Luminaires, Lampholders, and Lamps
Part I. General
410.1 Scope. This article covers luminaires, portable lumin- aires, lampholders, pendants, incandescent filament lamps, arc lamps, electric-discharge lamps, decorative lighting products, lighting accessories for temporary seasonal and holiday usc, portable flexible lighting products, and the wiring and cquip- ment forming part of such products and lighting installations.
410.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned luminaires, lampholders, ballasts, LED drivers, lamps, and retrofit kits shall not be permitted. If a retrofit kit is installed in a luminaire in accordance with the installation instructions, the retrofitted luminaire shall not be considered reconditioned.
410.5 Live Parts. Luminaires, portable luminaires, lamphold- crs, and lamps shall have no live parts normally exposed to contact. Exposed accessible terminals in lampholders and switches shall not be installed in metal luminaire canopies or in open bases of portable table or floor luminaires.
Exception: Cleat-type lampholders located at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above the floor shall be permitted to have exposed terminals.
410.6 Listing Required. All luminaires, lampholders, and retrofit kits shall be listed.
410.8 Inspection. Luminaires shall be installed such that the connections between the luminaire conductors and the circuit conductors can be inspected without requiring the disconnec- tion of any part of the wiring unless the luminaires are connec- ted by attachment plugs and receptacles.
Part II. Luminaire Locations
410.10 Luminaires in Specific Locations.
(A) Wet and Damp Locations. Luminaires installed in wet or damp locations shall be installed such that water cannot enter or accumulate in wiring compartments, lampholders, or other electrical parts. All luminaires installed in wet locations shall be marked as suitable for wet locations. All luminaires installed in damp locations shall be marked as suitable for wet locations or suitable for damp locations.
(B) Corrosive Locations. Luminaires installed in corrosive locations shall be of a type suitable for such locations.
70-308
NATIONALELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 410-LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
410.16
(C) In Ducts or Hoods. Luminaires shall be permitted to be installed in commercial cooking hoods where all of the follow- ing conditions are met:
(1) The luminaire shall be identified for use within commer- cial cooking hoods and installed such that the tempera- ture limits of the materials used are not exceeded.
(2) The luminaire shall be constructed so that all exhaust vapors, grcase, oil, or cooking vapors are excluded from the lamp and wiring compartment. Diffusers shall be resistant to thermal shock.
(3) Parts of the luminaire exposed within the hood shall be corrosion resistant or protected against corrosion, and the surface shall be smooth so as not to collect deposits and to facilitate cleaning.
(4) Wiring methods and materials supplying the luminaire (s) shall not be exposed within the cooking hood.
Informational Note: See 110.11 for conductors and equipment exposed to deteriorating agents.
(D) Bathtub and Shower Areas. A luminaire installed in a bathtub or shower arca shall meet all of the following require- ments:
(1) No parts of cord-connected luminaires, chain-, cable-, or cord-suspended luminaires, lighting track, pendants, or ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans with luminaire (light kit) shall be located within a zone measured 900 mm (3 ft) horizontally and 2.5 m (8 ft) vertically from the top of the bathtub rim or shower stall threshold. This zone is all- encompassing and includes the space directly over the tub or shower stall.
(2) Luminaires located within the actual outside dimension of the bathtub or shower to a height of 2.5 m (8 ft) verti- cally from the top of the bathtub rim or shower threshold shall be marked suitable for damp locations or marked suitable for wet locations. Luminaires located where subject to shower spray shall be marked suitable for wet locations.
(E) Luminaires in Indoor Sports, Mixed-Use, and All-Purpose Facilities. Luminaires subject to physical damage, using a mercury vapor or metal halide lamp, installed in playing and spectator scating arcas of indoor sports; mixed-use, or all- purpose facilities shall be of the type that protects the lamp with a glass or plastic lens. Such luminaires shall be permitted to have an additional guard.
(F) Luminaires Installed in or Under Roof Decking. Lumin- aires installed in exposed or concealed locations under roof decking where subject to physical damage shall be installed and supported so there is not less than 38 mm (11/2 in.) measured from the lowest surface of the roof decking to the top of the luminairc.
Exception: The 38 mm (1 1/2 in.) spacing is not required where metal- corrugated sheet roof decking is covered with a minimum thickness 50 mm (2 in.) concrete slab, measured from the top of the corrugated roofing.
410.11 Luminaires Near Combustible Material. Luminaires shall be constructed, installed, or cquipped with shades or guards so that combustible material is not subjected to temper- atures in excess of 90 (194ºF).
410.12 Luminaires over Combustible Material. Lampholders installed over highly combustible material shall be of the unswitched type. Unless an individual switch is provided for
cach luminaire, lampholders shall be located at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above the floor or shall be located or guarded so that the lamps cannot be readily removed or damaged.
410.14 Luminaires in Show Windows. Chain-supported lumin- aires used in a show window shall be permitted to be externally wired. No other externally wired luminaires shall be used.
410.16 Luminaires in Clothes Closets.
(A) Clothes Closet Storage Space. The clothes closet storage space shall be the volume bounded by the sides and back closet walls and planes extending from the closet floor vertically to a height of 1.8 m (6 ft) or to the highest clothes-hanging rod and parallel to the walls at a horizontal distance of 600 mm (24 in.) from the sides and back of the closet walls, respectively. The volume extends vertically to the closet ceiling parallel to the walls at a horizontal distance of 300 mm (12 in.) or the width of the shelf, whichever is greater. For a closet that permits access to both sides of a hanging rod, the clothes closet storage space includes the volume below the highest rod extending 300 mm (12 in.) on cither side of the rod on a plane horizontal to the floor extending the entire length of the rod. Sec Figure 410.16(A).
(B) Luminaire Types Permitted. Only luminaires of the follow- ing types shall be permitted in a clothes closet:
(1) Surface-mounted or recessed incandescent or LED luminaires with completely enclosed light sources
(2): Surface-mounted or recessed fluorescent luminaires
(3) Surface-mounted fluorescent or LED luminaires identi- ficd as suitable for installation within the clothes closet storage space
(C) Luminaire Types Not Permitted. Incandescent luminaires with open or partially enclosed lamps and pendant luminaires or lampholders shall not be permitted.
300 mm (12 in.) or shelf width
300 mm (12 in.) or shelf width
300 mm (12 in.)
300 mm (12 in.) or shelf width
1.8 m (6 ft) or rod height
600 mm (24 in.)
600 mm (24 in.)
FIGURE 410.16(A) Clothes Closet Storage Space.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-309
410.16
ARTICLE 410 -LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
(D) Location. The minimum clearance between luminaires installed in clothes closets and the nearest point of a clothes closet storage space shall be as follows:
(1) 300 mm (12 in.) for surface-mounted incandescent or LED luminaires with a completely enclosed light source installed on the wall above the door or on the ceiling.
(2) 150 mm (6 in.) for surface-mounted fluorescent lumin- aires installed on the wall above the door or on the ceil- ing.
(3) 150 mm (6 in.) for recessed incandescent or LED lumin- aires with a completely enclosed light source installed in the wall or the ceiling.
(4) 150 mm (6 in.) for recessed fluorescent luminaires installed in the wall or the ceiling.
Exception: Surface-mounted fluorescent or LED luminaires shall be permitted to be installed within the clothes closet storage space where identified for this use.
410.18 Space for Cove Lighting. Coves shall have adequate space and shall be located so that lamps and equipment can be properly installed and maintained.
Part III. Luminaire Outlet Boxes, Canopies, and Pans
410.20 Space for Conductors. Canopics and outlet boxes taken together shall provide sufficient space so that luminaire conductors and their connecting devices are capable of being installed in accordance with 314.16.
410.21 Temperature Limit of Conductors in Outlet Boxes. Luminaires shall be of such construction or installed so that the conductors in outlet boxes shall not be subjected to temperatures greater than that for which the conductors arc rated.
Branch-circuit wiring, other than 2-wire or multiwire branch circuits supplying power to luminaires connected together, shall not be passed through an outlet box that is an integral part of a luminaire unless the luminaire is identified for through-wiring.
Informational Note: See 410.64(C) for wiring supplying power to luminaires connected together.
410.22 Outlet Boxes to Be Covered. In a completed installa- tion, cach outlet box shall be provided with a cover unless covered by means of a luminaire canopy, lampholder, recepta- cle that covers the box or is provided with a faceplate, or simi- lar device.
410.23 Covering of Combustible Material at Outlet Boxes. Any combustible wall or ceiling finish exposed between the edge of a luminaire canopy or pan and an outlet box having a surface arca of 1160 mm2 (180 in.2) or more shall be covered with noncombustible material.
410.24 Connection of Electric-Discharge and LED Luminaires.
(A) Independent of the Outlet Box. Electric-discharge and LED luminaires supported independently of the outlet box shall be connected to the branch circuit through metal race- way, nonmetallic raceway, Type MC cable, Type AC cable, Type MI cable, nonmetallic sheathed cable, or by flexible cord as permitted in 410.62(B) or 410.62(C).
(B) Access to Boxes. Electric-discharge and LED luminaires surface mounted over concealed outlet, pull, or junction boxes
and designed not to be supported solely by the outlet box shall be provided with suitable openings in the back of the luminaire to provide access to the wiring in the box.
Part IV. Luminaire Supports
410.30 Supports.
(A) General. Luminaires and lampholders shall be securely supported. A luminaire that weighs more than 3 kg (6 lb) or exceeds 400 mm (16 in.) in any dimension shall not be suppor- ted by the screw shell of a lampholder.
(B) Metal or Nonmetallic Poles Supporting Luminaires. Mctal or nonmetallic poles shall be permitted to be used to support luminaires and as a raceway to enclose supply conductors, provided the following conditions are met:
(1) A pole shall have a handhole not less than 50 mm x 100 mm (2 in. x 4 in.) with a cover suitable for use in wet locations to provide access to the supply terminations within the pole or pole basc.
Exception No. 1: No handhole shall be required in a pole 2.5 m (8 ft) or less in height abovegrade where the supply wiring method continues without splice or pull point, and where the interior of the pole and any splices are accessible by removing the luminaire.
Exception No. 2: No handhole shall be required in a pole 6.0 m (20 ft) or less in height abovegrade that is provided with a hinged base.
(2) Where raceway risers or cable is not installed within the pole, a threaded fitting or nipple shall be brazed, welded, or attached to the pole opposite the handhole for the supply connection.
(3) A metal pole shall be provided with an equipment grounding terminal as follows:
a. A pole with a handhole shall have the equipment grounding terminal accessible from the handholc.
b. A pole with a hinged base shall have the equipment grounding terminal accessible within the basc.
Exception to (3): No grounding terminal shall be required in a pole 2.5 m (8 ft) or less in height abovegrade where the supply wiring method continues without splice or pull, and where the interior of the pole and any splices are accessible by removing the luminaire.
(4) A metal pole with a hinged base shall have the hinged base and pole bonded together.
(5) Metal raceways or other equipment grounding conduc- tors shall be bonded to the metal pole with an equipment grounding conductor recognized by 250.118 and sized in accordance with 250.122.
(6) Conductors in vertical poles used as raceway shall be supported as provided in 300.19.
410.36 Means of Support.
(A) Luminaires Supported By Outlet Boxes. Luminaires shall be permitted to be supported by outlet boxes or fittings installed as required by 314.23. The installation shall comply with the following requirements:
(1) The outlet boxes or fittings shall comply with 314.27(A) (1) and 314.27(A)(2).
(2) Luminaires shall be permitted to be supported in accord- ance with 314.27(E).
70-310
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 410-LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
410.59
(3) Outlet boxes complying with 314.27(E) shall be consid- cred lighting outlets as required by 210.70(A), (B), and (C).
(B) Suspended Ceilings. Framing members of suspended ceil- ing systems used to support luminaires shall be securely fastened to cach other and shall be securely attached to the building structure at appropriate intervals. Luminaires shall be securely fastened to the ceiling framing member by mechanical means such as bolts, screws, or rivets. Listed clips identified for use with the type of ceiling framing member(s) and lumin- airc(s) shall also be permitted.
(C) Luminaire Studs. Luminaire studs that are not a part of outlet boxes, hickeys, tripods, and crowfect shall be made of steel, malleable iron, or other material suitable for the applica- tion.
(D) Insulating Joints. Insulating joints that are not designed to be mounted with screws or bolts shall have an exterior metal casing, insulated from both screw connections.
(E) Raceway Fittings. Raceway fittings used to support a lumin- airc(s) shall be capable of supporting the weight of the complete fixture assembly and lamp(s).
(F) Busways. Luminaires shall be permitted to be connected to busways in accordance with 368.17(C).
(G) Trees. Outdoor luminaires and associated equipment shall be permitted to be supported by trees.
Informational Note No. 1: See 225.26 for restrictions for support of overhead conductors.
Informational Note No. 2: See 300.5(D) for protection of conductors.
Part V. Grounding
410.40 Equipment Grounding Conductor. Luminaires and lighting equipment shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor as required by Part V of this article.
410.42 Luminaire(s) with Exposed Conductive Surfaces. Exposed conductive surfaces shall be connected to an equip- ment grounding conductor.
Exception: Exposed conductive surfaces that comply with any of the following shall not be required to be connected to an equipment ground- ing conductor:
(1) Surfaces separated from all live parts by a listed system of double insulation
(2) Surfaces on small isolated parts, such as mounting screws, clips, and decorative bands on glass spaced at least 38 mm (11/2 in.) from lamp terminals
(3) Surfaces on portable luminaires with a polarized attachment plug
410.44 Connection to the Equipment Grounding Conductor. Luminaires and equipment that require connection to an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 410.42 shall be mechanically connected to an equipment grounding conductor.
Exception No. 1: Replacement luminaires shall be permitted to connect an equipment grounding conductor in the same manner as replacement receptacles in compliance with 250.130(C). The luminaire shall then comply with 410.42.
Exception No. 2: Where no equipment grounding conductor exists at the outlet, replacement luminaires that are GFCI protected or do not have exposed conductive parts shall not be required to be connected to an equipment givunding conductor.
Part VI. Wiring of Luminaires
410.50 Luminaire Wiring - General. Wiring on or within luminaires shall be neatly arranged and shall not be exposed to physical damage. Excess wiring shall be avoided. Conductors shall be arranged so that they are not subjected to tempera- tures above those for which they are rated.
410.51 Polarization of Luminaires. Luminaires shall be wired so that the screw shells of lampholders are connected to the same luminaire or circuit conductor or terminal. The groun- ded conductor, where connected to a screw shell lampholder, shall be connected to the screw shell.
410.52 Conductor Insulation. Luminaires shall be wired with conductors having insulation suitable for the environmental conditions, current, voltage, and temperature to which the conductors will be subjected.
Informational Note: See 402.3, 402.5, and 402.6 for ampacity of fixture wire, maximum operating temperature, voltage limita- tions, and minimumn wire size.
410.54 Pendant Conductors for Incandescent Filament Lamps.
(A) Support. Pendant lampholders with permanently attached leads, where used for other than festoon wiring, shall be hung from separate stranded rubber-covered conductors that are soldered directly to the circuit conductors but supported inde- pendently thereof.
(B) Size. Unless part of listed decorative lighting assemblies, pendant conductors shall not be smaller than 14 AWG for mogul-base or medium-base screw shell lampholders or smaller than 18 AWG for internediate or candelabra-base lampholders.
(C) Twisted or Cabled. Pendant conductors longer than 900 mm (3 ft) shall be twisted together where not cabled in a listed assembly.
410.56 Protection of Conductors and Insulation.
(A) Properly Secured. Conductors shall be secured in a manner that does not tend to cut or abrade the insulation.
(B) Protection Through Metal. Conductor insulation shall be protected from abrasion where it passes through metal.
(C) Luminaire Stems. Splices and taps shall not be located within luminaire arms or stems.
(D) Splices and Taps. No unnecessary splices or taps shall be made within or on a luminaire.
Informational Note: See 110.14 for approved means of making connections.
(E) Stranding. Stranded conductors shall be used for wiring on luminaire chains and on other movable or flexible parts.
(F) Tension. Conductors shall be arranged so that the weight of the luminaire or movable parts does not put tension on the conductors.
410.59 Cord-Connected Showcases. Individual showcases, other than fixed, shall be permitted to be connected by flexible
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-311
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
410.59
ARTICLE 410 -LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
cord to permanently installed receptacles, and groups of not more than six such showcases shall be permitted to be coupled together by flexible cord and separable locking-type connec- tors with one of the group connected by flexible cord to a permanently installed receptacle.
The installation shall comply with 410.59(A) through (E).
(A) Cord Requirements. Flexible cord shall be of the hard- service type, having conductors not smaller than the branch- circuit conductors, having ampacity at least cqual to the branch-circuit overcurrent device, and having an equipment grounding conductor.
Informational Note: See Table 250.122 for size of equipment grounding conductor.
(B) Receptacles, Connectors, and Attachment Plugs. Recepta- cles, connectors, and attachment plugs shall be of a listed grounding type rated 15 or 20 amperes.
(C) Support. Flexible cords shall be secured to the undersides of showcases such that all of the following conditions arc ensured:
(1) The wiring is not exposed to physical damage.
(2) The separation between cases is not in excess of 50 mm (2 in.), or more than 300 mm (12 in.) between the first ca.se and the supply receptacle.
(3) The free lead at the end of a group of showcases has a female fitting not extending beyond the case.
(D) No Other Equipment. Equipment other than showcases shall not be electrically connected to showcases.
(E) Secondary Circuit(s). Where showcases arc cord- connected, the secondary circuit(s) of cach electric-discharge lighting ballast shall be limited to one showcase.
410.62 Cord-Connected Lampholders and Luminaires.
(A) Lampholders. Where a metal lampholder is attached to a flexible cord, the inlet shall be equipped with an insulating bushing that, if threaded, is not smaller than metric designator 12 (trade size 3%). The cord hole shall be of a size appropriate for the cord, and all burrs and fins shall be removed in order to provide a smooth bearing surface for the cord.
Bushing having holes 7 mm ('s in.) in diameter shall be permitted for use with plain pendant cord and holes 11 mm (13/gy in.) in diameter with reinforced cord.
(B) Adjustable Luminaires. Luminaires that require adjusting or aiming after installation shall not be required to be cquipped with an attachment plug or cord connector, provided the exposed cord is suitable for hard-usage or extra-hard-usage and is not longer than that required for maximum adjustment. The cord shall not be subject to strain or physical damage.
Informational Note: See Table 400.4, "L'se" column for applica- tion provisions.
(C) Electric-Discharge and LED Luminaires. Electric-discharge and LED luminaires shall comply with 410.62(C) (1), (C) (2), and (C)(3), as applicable.
(1) Cord-Connected Installation. A luminaire or a listed assembly in compliance with any of the conditions in 41 0.62(C) (1) (a) through (C) (1)(c) shall be permitted to be cord connected provided the luminaire is located directly below the outlet or busway, the cord is not subject to strain or physical
damage, and the cord is visible over its entire length except at terminations.
Informational Note: See 400.10, Uses Pennitted, and 400.12, Uses Not Penniuted.
(a) A luminaire shall be permitted to be connected with a cord terminating in a grounding-type attachment plug or busway plug. If grounding is not required in accordance with 410.42, a polarized-type plug shall be permitted.
(b) A luminaire assembly equipped with a strain relief and canopy shall be permitted to use a cord connection between the luminaire assembly and the canopy. The canopy shall be permitted to include a section of raceway not over 150 mm (6 in.) in length and intended to facilitate the connec- tion to an outlet box mounted above a suspended ceiling.
(c) Listed luminaires connected using listed assemblies that incorporate manufactured wiring system connectors in accordance with 604.100(C) shall be permitted to be cord connected.
(2) Provided with Mogul-Base, Screw Shell Lampholders. Electric-discharge luminaires provided with mogul-base, screw shell lampholders shall be permitted to be connected to branch circuits of 50 amperes or less by cords complying with 240.5. Receptacles and attachment plugs shall be permitted to bc of a lower ampere rating than the branch circuit but not less than 125 percent of the luminaire full-load current.
(3) Equipped with Flanged Surface Inlet. Electric-discharge luminaires equipped with a flanged surface inlet shall be permitted to be supplied by cord pendants equipped with cord connectors. Inlets and connectors shall be permitted to be of a lower ampere rating than the branch circuit but not less than 125 percent of the luminaire load current.
410.64 Luminaires as Raceways. Luminaires shall not be used as a raceway for circuit conductors unless they comply with 410.64(A), (B), or (C).
(A) Listed. Luminaires listed and marked for use as a raceway shall be permitted to be used as a raceway.
(B) Through-Wiring. Luminaires identified for through- wiring, as permitted by 410.21, shall be permitted to be used as a raceway.
(C) Luminaires Connected Together. Luminaires designed for end-to-end connection to form a continuous assembly, or luminaires connected together by recognized wiring methods, shall be permitted to contain the conductors of a 2-wire branch circuit, or one multiwire branch circuit, supplying the connec- ted luminaires and shall not be required to be listed as a race- way. One additional 2-wire branch circuit separately supplying one or more of the connected luminaires shall also be permit- ted.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of Multi- wire Branch Circuit.
410.68 Feeder and Branch-Circuit Conductors and Ballasts. Feeder and branch-circuit conductors within 75 mm (3 in.) of a ballast, LED driver, power supply, or transformer shall have an insulation temperature rating not lower than 90 (194ºF), unless supplying a luminaire marked as suitable for a different insulation temperaturc.
410.69 Identification of Control Conductor Insulation. Where control conductors are spliced, terminated, or connected in the same luminaire or enclosure as the branch-circuit conduc-
70-312
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
410.110
ARTICLE 410 -LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
tors, the field-connected control conductor shall not be of a color reserved for the grounded branch-circuit conductor or the equipment grounding conductor.
Informational Note: See 200.6 for identification of grounded conductor and 250.119 for identification of equipment ground- ing conductor.
Exception: A field-connected gray-colored control conductor shall be permitted if the insulation is permanently re-identified by marking tape, painting, or other effective means at its termination and at each loca- tion where the conductor is visible and accessible. Identification shall encircle the insulation and shall be a color other than white, gray, or green.
410.70 Combustible Shades and Enclosures. Air space shall be provided between lamps and shades or other enclosures of combustible material.
410.71 Disconnecting Means for Fluorescent or LED Lumin- aires that Utilize Double-Ended Lamps.
(1) General. In indoor locations other than dwellings and associated accessory structures, fluorescent or LED luminaires that utilize double-ended lamps and contain ballast(s) or LED driver(s) that can be serviced in place shall have a disconnect- ing means cither internal or external to cach luminaire. For existing installed luminaires without disconnecting means, at the time a ballast or LED driver is added or replaced a discon- necting means shall be installed. The line side terminals of the disconnecting means shall be guarded.
Exception No. 1: A disconnecting means shall not be required for luminaires installed in hazardous (classified) location(s).
Exception No. 2: A disconnecting means shall not be required for luminaires that provide emergency illumination required in 700.16.
Exception No. 3: For cord-and-plug-connected luminaires, an accessible separable connector or an accessible plug and receptacle shall be permit- ted to serve as the disconnecting means.
Exception No. 4: Disconnecting means shall not be required for every luminaire in a building area if all of the following conditions apply:
(1) More than one luminaire is installed in the building area
(2) The luminaires are not connected to a multiwire branch circuit
(3) The design of the installation includes disconnecting means
(4) The building area will not be left in total darkness should only one disconnect be opened
(2) Multiwire Branch Circuits. When connected to multiwire branch circuits, the disconnecting means shall simultaneously break all the supply conductors to the ballast, including the grounded conductor.
(3) Location. The disconnecting means shall be located so as to be accessible to qualified persons before servicing or main- taining the ballast. Where the disconnecting means is external to the luminaire, it shall be a single device, and it shall be attached to the luminaire or the luminaire shall be located within sight of the disconnecting means.
Part VII. Construction of Luminaires
410.80 Luminaire Rating.
(A) Marking. All luminaires shall be marked with the maxi- mum lamp wattage or electrical rating, manufacturer's name, trademark, or other suitable means of identification. A lumin-
aire requiring supply wire rated higher than 60 (140°F) shall be marked with the minimum supply wire temperature rating on the luminaire and shipping carton or equivalent.
(B) Electrical Rating. The electrical rating shall include the voltage and frequency and shall indicate the current rating of the unit, including the ballast, transformer, LED driver, power supply, or autotransformer.
410.82 Portable Luminaires. Portable luminaires shall be wired with flexible cord recognized by 400.4 and an attachment plug of the polarized or grounding type. If used with Edison- base lampholders, the grounded conductor shall be identified and attached to the screw shell and the identified blade of the attachment plug.
410.84 Cord Bushings. A bushing or the equivalent shall be provided where flexible cord enters the base or stem of a porta- ble luminaire. The bushing shall be of insulating material unless a jacketed type of cord is used.
Part VIII. Installation of Lampholders
410.90 Screw Shell Type. Lampholders of the screw shell type shall be installed for use as lampholders only. Where supplied by a circuit having a grounded conductor, the grounded conductor shall be connected to the screw shell.
410.93 Double-Pole Switched Lampholders. Where supplied by the ungrounded conductors of a circuit, the switching device of lampholders of the switched type shall simultaneously disconnect both conductors of the circuit.
410.96 Lampholders in Wet or Damp Locations. Lampholders installed in wet locations shall be listed for use in wet locations. Lampholders installed in damp locations shall be listed for clamp locations or shall be listed for wet locations.
410.97 Lampholders Near Combustible Material. Lamphold- crs shall be constructed, installed, or cquipped with shades or guards so that combustible material is not subjected to temper- atures in excess of 90 (194°F).
Part IX. Lamps and Auxiliary Equipment
410.100 Bases, Incandescent Lamps. An incandescent lamp for general use on lighting branch circuits shall not be cquip- ped with a medium base if rated over 300 watts, or with a mogul base if rated over 1500 watts. Special bases or other devi- ces shall be used for over 1500 watts.
410.104 Electric-Discharge Lamp Auxiliary Equipment.
(A) Enclosures. Auxiliary equipment for electric-discharge lamps shall be enclosed in noncombustible cases and treated as sources of heat.
(B) Switching. Where supplied by the ungrounded conductors of a circuit, the switching device of auxiliary equipment shall simultaneously disconnect all conductors.
Part X. Special Provisions for Flush and Recessed Luminaires
410.110 General. Luminaires installed in recessed cavities in walls or ceilings, including suspended ceilings, shall comply with 410.115 through 410.126.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-313
410.115
ARTICLE 410 -LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
410.115 Temperature.
(A) Combustible Material. Luminaires shall be installed so that adjacent combustible material will not be subjected to temperatures in excess of 90 (194ºF).
(B) Recessed Incandescent Luminaires. Incandescent lumin- aires shall have thermal protection and shall be identified as thermally protected.
Exception No. 1: Thermal protection shall not be required in a recessed luminaire identified for use and installed in poured concrete.
Exception No. 2: Thermal protection shall not be required in a recessed luminaire whose design, construction, and thermal performance char- acteristics are equivalent to a thermally protected luminaire and are identified as inherently protected.
410.116 Clearance and Installation.
(A) Clearance from Combustible Material.
(1) Non-Type IC. A recessed luminaire that is not identified for contact with insulation shall have all recessed parts spaced not less than 13 mm (1/s in.) from combustible materials. The points of support and the trim finishing off the openings in the ceiling, wall, or other finished surface shall be permitted to be in contact with combustible materials.
(2) Type IC. A recessed luminaire that is identified for contact with insulation, Type IC, shall be permitted to be in contact with combustible materials at recessed parts, points of support, and portions passing through or finishing off the opening in the building structure.
(B) Clearance from Thermal Insulation. Thermal insulation shall not be installed above a recessed luminaire or within 75 mm (3 in.) of the recessed luminaire's enclosure, wiring compartment, ballast, transformer, LED driver, or power supply unless the luminaire is identified as Type IC for insulation contact.
(C) Installation in Fire-Resistant Construction. Luminaires marked "FOR USE IN NON-FIRE-RATED INSTALLATIONS" shall not be used in fire-rated installations. Where a luminaire is recessed in fire-resistant material in a building of fire- resistant construction, the recessed luminaire shall satisfy onc of the following:
(1) The recessed luminaire shall be listed for use in a fire resistance-rated construction.
(2) The recessed luminaire shall be installed in or used with a luminaire enclosure that is listed for use in a fire resist- ance-rated construction.
(3) The recessed luminaire shall be listed and shall be installed in accordance with a tested fire resistance-rated assembly. When a tested fire resistance-rated assembly allows the installation of a recessed fluorescent luminaire, a recessed LED luminaire of comparable construction shall be permitted.
410.117 Wiring.
(A) General. Conductors that have insulation suitable for the temperature encountered shall be used.
(B) Circuit Conductors. Branch-circuit conductors that have an insulation suitable for the temperature encountered shall be permitted to terminate in the luminaire.
(C) Tap Conductors. Tap conductors of a type suitable for the temperature encountered shall be permitted to run from the luminaire terminal connection to an outlet box placed at least 300 mm (1 ft) from the luminaire. Such tap conductors shall be in suitable raceway or Type AC or MC cable of at least 450 mm (18 in.) but not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) in length.
410.118 Access to Other Boxes. Luminaires recessed in ceil- ings, floors, or walls shall not be used to access outlet, pull, or junction boxes or conduit bodies, unless the box or conduit body is an integral part of the listed luminaire.
Part XI. Construction of Flush and Recessed Luminaires
410.120 Temperature. Luminaires shall be constructed such that adjacent combustible material is not subject to tempera- tures in excess of 90 (194ºF).
410.122 Lamp Wattage Marking. Incandescent lamp lumin- aires shall be marked to indicate the maximum allowable wattage of lamps. The markings shall be permanently installed, in letters at least 6 mm (1/4 in.) high, and shall be located where visible during relamping.
410.124 Solder Prohibited. No solder shall be used in the construction of a luminaire recessed housing.
410.126 Lampholders. Lampholders of the screw shell type shall be of porcelain or other suitable insulating materials.
Part XII. Special Provisions for Electric-Discharge Lighting Systems of 1000 Volts or Less
410.130 General.
(A) Open-Circuit Voltage of 1000 Volts or Less. Equipment for use with electric-discharge lighting systems and designed for an open-circuit voltage of 1000 volts or less shall be of a type iden- tificd for such service.
(B) Considered as Energized. The terminals of an electric- discharge lamp shall be considered as energized where any lamp terminal is connected to a circuit of over 300 volts.
(C) Transformers of the Oil-Filled Type. Transformers of the oil-filled type shall not be used.
(D) Additional Requirements. In addition to complying with the general requirements for luminaires, such equipment shall comply with Part XII of this article.
(E) Thermal Protection - Fluorescent Luminaires.
(1) Integral Thermal Protection. The ballast of a fluorescent luminaire installed indoors shall have integral thermal protec- tion. Replacement ballasts shall also have thermal protection integral with the ballast.
(2) Simple Reactance Ballasts. A simple reactance ballast in a fluorescent luminaire with straight tubular lamps shall not be required to be thermally protected.
(3) Exit Luminaires. A ballast in a fluorescent exit luminaire shall not have thermal protection.
(4) Egress Luminaires. A ballast in a fluorescent luminaire that is used for egress lighting and energized only during a fail- ure of the normal supply shall not have thermal protection.
70-314
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
410.142
ARTICLE 410-LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
(F) High-Intensity Discharge Luminaires.
(1) Recessed. Recessed high-intensity luminaires designed to be installed in wall or ceiling cavities shall have thermal protec- tion and be identified as thermally protected.
(2) Inherently Protected. Thermal protection shall not be required in a recessed high-intensity luminaire whose design, construction, and thermal performance characteristics arc equivalent to a thermally protected luminaire and are identi- ficd as inherently protected.
(3) Installed in Poured Concrete. Thermal protection shall not be required in a recessed high-intensity discharge lumin- aire identified for use and installed in poured concrete.
(4) Recessed Remote Ballasts. A recessed remote ballast for a high-intensity discharge luminaire shall have thermal protec- tion that is integral with the ballast and shall be identified as thermally protected.
(5) Metal Halide Lamp Containment. Luminaires that use a metal halide lamp other than a thick-glass parabolic reflector lamp (PAR) shall be provided with a containment barrier that encloses the lamp, or shall be provided with a physical means that only allows the use of a lamp that is Type O.
Informational Note: See ANSI C78.389, American National Stand- ard for Elertrir Lamps -High Intensity Discharge, Methods of Measur- ing Characteristics.
410.134 Direct-Current Equipment. Luminaires installed on dc circuits shall be equipped with auxiliary equipment and resistors designed for de operation. The luminaires shall be marked for dc operation.
410.135 Open-Circuit Voltage Exceeding 300 Volts. Equip- ment having an open-circuit voltage exceeding 300 volts shall not be installed in dwelling occupancies unless such equipment is designed so that there will be no exposed live parts when lamps are being inserted, are in place, or are being removed.
410.136 Luminaire Mounting.
(A) Exposed Components. Luminaires that have exposed ballasts, transformers, LED drivers, or power supplies shall be installed such that ballasts, transformers, LED drivers, or power supplies shall not be in contact with combustible material unless listed for such condition.
(B) Combustible Low-Density Cellulose Fiberboard. Where a surface-mounted luminaire containing a ballast, transformer, LED driver, or power supply is to be installed on combustible low-density cellulose fiberboard, it shall be marked for this condition or shall be spaced not less than 38 mm (11/ in.) from the surface of the fiberboard. Where such luminaires are parti- ally or wholly recessed, 410.110 through 410.126 shall apply.
Informational Note: See ASTM E84-20, Standard Test Method for Surface Burning Characteristics of Building Materials, or ANSI/ UL 723-2018, Standard for Test for Surface Burning Characteristics of Building Materials. Combustible low-density cellulose fiberboard includes sheets, panels, and tiles that have a density of 320 kg/m3 (20 lb/ft3) or less and that are formed of bonded plant fiber material but does not include solid or laminated wood or fiberboard that has a density in excess of 320 kg/m3 (20 lb/ft3) or is a material that has been integrally treated with fire-retarding chemicals to the degree that the flame spread index in any plane of the material will not exceed 25, deter- mined in accordance with tests for surface burning characteris- tics of building materials.
410.137 Equipment Not Integral with Luminaire.
(A) Metal Cabinets. Auxiliary equipment, including reactors, capacitors, resistors, and similar equipment, where not installed as part of a luminaire assembly, shall be enclosed in accessible, permanently installed metal cabinets.
(B) Separate Mounting. Separately mounted ballasts, trans- formers, LED drivers, or power supplies that are listed for direct connection to a wiring system shall not be required to be additionally enclosed.
(C) Wired Luminaire Sections. Wired luminaire sections arc paired, with a ballast(s) or LED driver(s) supplying a light source or light sources in both. For interconnection between paired units, it shall be permissible to use metric designator 12 (trade size 3/g) flexible metal conduit in lengths not exceeding 7.5 m (25 ft), installed in accordance with Part II of Article 348. Luminaire wire operating at line voltage, supplying only the ballast(s) or LED driver(s) of one of the paired luminaires, shall be permitted in the same raceway as the light source supply wires of the paired luminaires where the voltage rating of the light source supply wires is greater than the line voltage.
410.138 Autotransformers. An autotransformer that is used to raise the voltage to more than 300 volts, as part of a ballast for supplying lighting units, shall be supplied only by a grounded system.
410.139 Switches. Snap switches shall comply with 404.14.
Part XIII. Special Provisions for Electric-Discharge Lighting Systems of More Than 1000 Volts
410.140 General.
(A) Listing. Electric-discharge lighting systems with an open- circuit voltage exceeding 1000 volts shall be listed and installed in conformance with that listing.
(B) Dwelling Occupancies. Equipment that has an open- circuit voltage exceeding 1000 volts shall not be installed in or on dwelling occupancies.
(C) Live Parts. The terminal of an electric-discharge lamp shall be considered as a live part.
(D) Additional Requirements. In addition to complying with the general requirements for luminaires, such equipment shall comply with Part XIII of this article.
410.141 Control.
(A) Disconnection. Luminaires or lamp installation shall be controlled cither singly or in groups by an externally operable switch or circuit breaker that opens all ungrounded primary conductors.
(B) Within Sight or Locked Type. The switch or circuit breaker shall be located within sight from the luminaires or lamps, or it shall be permitted to be located elsewhere if it is lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
410.142 Lamp Terminals and Lampholders. Parts that must be removed for lamp replacement shall be hinged or held captive. Lamps or lampholders shall be designed so that there are no exposed live parts when lamps are being inserted or removed.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-315
410.143
ARTICLE 410-LUMINAIRES, LAMPHOLDERS, AND LAMPS
410.143 Transformers.
(A) Type. Transformers shall be enclosed, identified for the usc, and listed.
(B) Voltage. The secondary circuit voltage shall not exceed 15,000 volts, nominal, under any load condition. The voltage to ground of any output terminals of the secondary circuit shall not exceed 7500 volts under any load conditions.
(C) Rating. Transformers shall have a secondary short-circuit current rating of not more than 150 mA if the open-circuit volt- age is over 7500 volts, and not more than 300 mA if the open- circuit voltage rating is 7500 volts or less.
(D) Secondary Connections. Secondary circuit outputs shall not be connected in parallel or in serics.
410.144 Transformer Locations.
(A) Accessible. Transformers shall be accessible after installa- tion.
(B) Secondary Conductors. Transformers shall be installed as ncar to the lamps as practicable to keep the secondary conduc- tors as short as possible.
(C) Adjacent to Combustible Materials. Transformers shall be located so that adjacent combustible materials are not subjec- ted to temperatures in excess of 90 (194ºF).
410.145 Exposure to Damage. Lamps shall not be located where normally exposed to physical damage.
410.146 Marking. Each luminaire or cach secondary circuit of tubing having an open-circuit voltage of over 1000 volts shall have a clearly legible marking in letters not less than 6 mm (1/4 in.) high reading "Caution volts." The voltage indica- ted shall be the rated open-circuit voltage. The caution sign (s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
Part XIV. Lighting Track 410.150 Installation.
(A) Lighting Track. Lighting track shall be permanently installed and permanently connected to a branch circuit. Only lighting track fittings shall be installed on lighting track. Light- ing track fittings shall not be equipped with general-purpose receptacles.
(B) Connected Load. The connected load on lighting track shall not exceed the rating of the track. Lighting track shall be supplied by a branch circuit having a rating not more than that of the track. The load calculation in 220.46(B) shall not be required to limit the length of track on a single branch circuit, and it shall not be required to limit the number of luminaires on a single track.
(C) Locations Not Permitted. Lighting track shall not be installed in the following locations:
(1) Where likely to be subjected to physical damage
(2) In wet or damp locations
(3) Where subject to corrosive vapors
(4) In storage battery rooms
(5) In hazardous (classified) locations
(6) Where concealed
(7) Where extended through walls or partitions
(8) Less than 1.5 m (5 ft) above the finished floor except where protected from physical damage or track operating at less than 30 volts rms open-circuit voltage
(9) Where prohibited by 410.10(D)
(D) Support. Fittings identified for use on lighting track shall be designed specifically for the track on which they are to be installed. They shall be securely fastened to the track, shall maintain polarization and connections to the equipment grounding conductor, and shall be designed to be suspended directly from the track.
410.153 Heavy-Duty Lighting Track. Heavy-duty lighting track is lighting track identified for use exceeding 20 amperes. Each fitting attached to a heavy-duty lighting track shall have individ- ual overcurrent protection.
410.154 Fastening. Lighting track shall be securely mounted so that cach fastening is suitable for supporting the maximum weight of luminaires that can be installed. Unless identified for supports at greater intervals, a single section 1.2 m (4 ft) or shorter in length shall have two supports, and, where installed in a continuous row, cach individual section of not more than 1.2 m (4 ft) in length shall have one additional support.
410.155 Construction Requirements.
(A) Construction. The housing for the lighting track system shall be of substantial construction to maintain rigidity. The conductors shall be installed within the track housing, permit- ting insertion of a luminaire, and designed to prevent tamper- ing and accidental contact with live parts. Components of lighting track systems of different voltages shall not be inter- changcable. The track conductors shall be a minimum 12 AWG or cqual and shall be copper. The track system ends shall be insulated and capped.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductor. Lighting track shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor in accord- ance with Part V of this article, and the track sections shall be securely coupled to maintain continuity of the circuitry, polari- zation, and grounding throughout.
PartXV. Decorative Lighting and Similar Accessories
410.160 Listing of Decorative Lighting. Decorative lighting and similar accessories used for holiday lighting and similar purposes, in accordance with 590.3(B), shall be listed.
Part XVI. Special Provisions for Horticultural Lighting Equip- ment
410.170 General. Luminaires complying with Parts, I. II, III, IV, V, VI, VII, IX, X, XI, and XII of this article shall be permit- ted to be used for horticultural lighting. Part XVI shall addi- tionally apply to lighting equipment specifically identified for horticultural usc.
Infonnational Note: Lighting equipment identified for horticul- tural use is designed to provide a spectral characteristic needed for the growth of plants and can also provide supplemental general illumination within the growing environment.
410.172 Listing. Lighting equipment identified for horticul- tural use shall be listed.
70-316
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
411.3
ARTICLE 411 -LOW-VOLTAGE LIGHTING
410.174 Installation and Use. Lighting equipment identified for horticultural use shall be installed and used in accordance with the manufacturer's installation instructions and installa- tion markings on the equipment as required by that listing.
410.176 Locations Not Permitted.
(A) General Lighting. Lighting equipment identified for horti- cultural use shall not be installed as lighting for general illumi- nation unless such use is indicated in the manufacturer's instructions.
(B) Installed Location. Lighting equipment identified for horticultural use shall not be installed where it is likely to be subject to physical damage or where concealed.
410.178 Flexible Cord. Flexible cord shall only be permitted when provided as part of listed lighting equipment identified for horticultural use for any of the following uses:
(1) Connecting a horticultural lighting luminaire directly to a branch circuit outlet
(2) Interconnecting horticultural lighting luminaires
(3) Connecting a horticultural lighting luminaire to a remote power source
Informational Note: Remote power sources include LED drivers, fluorescent ballasts, or HID ballasts.
410.180 Fittings and Connectors. Fittings and connectors attached to flexible cords shall be provided as part of a listed horticultural lighting equipment device or system and installed in accordance with the instructions provided as part of that list- ing.
410.182 Equipment Grounding Conductor. Lighting cquip- ment identified for horticultural use shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor in accordance with Part V of this article.
410.184 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) Protection and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protection. Lighting equipment identified for horti- cultural use and employing flexible cord(s) with one or more scparable connector(s) or attachment plug(s) shall be supplied by lighting outlets protected by a listed GFCI.
Exception: Circuits exceeding 150 volts to ground shall be protected by a listed SPGFCI.
Informational Note: See UL 943C, Outline of Investigation for Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupters, for information on special purpose ground-fault circuit interrupters.
410.186 Support. Fittings identified for support of horticul- tural lighting equipment shall be used in accordance with the installation instructions provided and shall be securely fastened.
Part XVII. Special Provisions for Germicidal Irradiation Luminaires
410.190 General.
410.191 Listing. Luminaires intended to cmit germicidal irra- diation shall be listed and identified as germicidal equipment.
410.193 Installation. Luminaires shall be installed in accord- ance with the manufacturer's instructions and equipment markings.
410.195 Locations Not Permitted.
(A) General Lighting. Luminaires shall not be installed as lighting for general illumination unless such use is indicated in the manufacturer's instructions.
(B) Installed Location. Luminaires shall not be installed where likely to be subject to physical damage.
(C) Dwellings. Luminaires shall not be installed in a dwelling unless listed and identified for use in dwellings.
(D) Mounting Height. Luminaires installed in a building space that will be occupied during luminaire operation shall not be mounted below the minimum height specified by its listing and installation instructions.
410.197 Germicidal Irradiation Systems.
(A) Listing. A germicidal irradiation system intended to provide a safeguard against UV exposure by ensuring that a building space will not be occupied during luminaire operation shall be listed and identified as a germicidal system.
(B) System Components. All system components shall be provided by the system manufacturer or clearly specified in the installation instructions as a component that the installer is required to source separately.
(C) Installation. A germicidal irradiation system shall be instal- led in accordance with the manufacturer's installation instruc- tions and installation markings.
(D) Dwellings. A germicidal irradiation system shall not be installed in a dwelling unless listed and identified for use in dwellings.
ARTICLE 411 Low-Voltage Lighting
411.1 Scope. This article covers low voltage lighting systems and their associatedcomponents.
411.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Listed low-voltage lighting systems or a lighting system assembled from listed parts shall not be reconditioned.
(A) Listed System. The luminaires, power supply, and lumin- aire fittings (including the exposed bare conductors) of a low- voltage lighting system shall be listed for use as part of the same identified lighting system.
(B) Assembly of Listed Parts. A lighting system assembled from the following listed parts shall be permitted:
(1) Low-voltage luminaires identified for the use
(2) Power supply identified for the use
(3) Low-voltage luminaire fittings identified for the use
(4) Suitably rated cord or cable, or any Chapter 3 wiring method for the secondary circuit
411.3 Voltage Limitations. The operating voltage of low- voltage lighting systems and their associated components shall not exceed 30 volts ac or 60 volts dc. If wet contact is likely to occur, the operating voltage of low-voltage lighting systems and
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-317
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
411.4
ARTICLE 422 - APPLIANCES
their associated components shall not exceed 15 volts ac or 30 volts dc.
Informational Note: See 680.Ifor swimming pools, fountains, and similar installations.
411.4 Low-Voltage Lighting Systems. Low voltage lighting systems shall consist of an isolating power supply, low-voltage luminaires, and associatedequipment that are all identified for the use. The output circuits of the power supply shall be rated for 25 amperes maximum under all load conditions.
411.6 Specific Location Requirements.
(A) Walls, Floors, and Ceilings. Conductors concealed or extended through a wall, floor, or ceiling shall be in accord- ance with one of the following:
(1) Installed using any of the wiring methods specified in Chapter 3
(2) Installed using wiring supplied by a listed Class 2 power source and installed in accordance with 725.130
(B) Pools, Spas, Fountains, and Similar Locations. Lighting systems shall be installed not less than 3 m (10 ft) horizontally from the nearest edge of the water, unless permitted elsewhere in this Code.
411.7 Secondary Circuits.
(A) Grounding. Secondary circuits shall not be grounded.
Exception: Secondary circuits supplied by a Class 2 power source listed and identified as suitable for secondary grounding shall be permitted to be grounded.
(B) Isolation. The secondary circuit shall be insulated from the branch circuit by an isolating transformer.
(C) Bare Conductors. Exposed bare conductors and current- carrying parts shall be permitted for indoor installations only. Bare conductors shall not be installed less than 2.1 m (7 ft) above the finished floor, unless specifically listed for a lower installation height.
411.8 Branch Circuit. Lighting systems covered by this article shall be supplied from a maximum 20-ampere branch circuit.
ARTICLE 422 Appliances
Part I. General
422.1 Scope. This article covers electrical appliances used in any occupancy.
422.5 GFCI Protection.
(A) General. Appliances identified in 422.5(A) (1) through (A) (7) 150 volts or less to ground and 60 amperes or less, single- or 3-phase, shall be provided with Class A protection for personnel. Multiple Class A protective devices shall be permit- ted but shall not be required.
(1) Automotive vacuum machines
(2) Drinking water coolers and bottle fill stations
(3) Cord-and-plug-connected high-pressure spray washing machines
(4) Tire inflation machines
(5) Vending machines
(6) Sump pumps
(7) Dishwashers
Informational Note: Section 210.8 specifies requirements for GFCI protection for the branch-circuit outlet where the covered location warrants such protection.
(B) Type and Location. The GFCI shall be readily accessible, listed, and located in one or more of the following locations:
(1) Within the branch-circuit overcurrent device
(2) A device or outlet within the supply circuit
(3) An integral part of the attachment plug
(4) Within the supply cord not more than 300 mm (12 in.) from the attachment plug
(5) Factory installed within the appliance
422.6 Listing Required. All appliances supplied by 50 volts or higher shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
422.10 Branch Circuits. Branch circuits supplying appliances shall comply with 422.10(A) or (B).
(A) Individual Branch Circuits. Individual branch circuits supplying appliances shall comply with the following as applica- blc:
(1) The ampacities of branch-circuit conductors shall not be less than the marked rating of the appliance or the marked rating of an appliance having combined loads.
(2) The ampacities of branch-circuit conductors for motor- operated appliances not having a marked rating shall be in accordance with Part II of Article 430.
(3) The branch-circuit rating for an appliance that is a continuous load, other than a motor-operated appliance, shall not be less than 125 percent of the marked rating, or not less than 100 percent of the marked rating if the branch-circuit device and its assembly are listed for continuous loading at 100 percent of its rating.
(4) Branch circuits and branch-circuit conductors for house- hold ranges and cooking appliances shall be permitted to be in accordance with Table 220.55 and shall be sized in accordance with 210.19(C).
(B) Branch Circuits Supplying Two or More Loads. For branch circuits supplying appliances and other loads, the rating shall be determined in accordance with 210.23.
422.11 Overcurrent Protection. Appliances shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with 422.11(A) through (G) and 422.10.
(A) Branch-Circuit Overcurrent Protection. Branch circuits shall be protected in accordance with 240.4.
If a protective device rating is marked on an appliance, the branch-circuit overcurrent device rating shall not exceed the protective device rating marked on the appliance.
70-318
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 422 - APPLIANCES
422.16
(B) Household-Type Appliances with Surface Heating Elements. Houschold-type appliances with surface heating clements having a maximum demand of more than 60 amperes calculated in accordance with Table 220.55 shall have their power supply subdivided into two or more circuits, cach of which shall be provided with overcurrent protection rated at not over 50 amperes.
(C) Infrared Lamp Commercial and Industrial Heating Appli- ances. Infrared lamp commercial and industrial heating appli- ances shall have overcurrent protection not exceeding 50 amperes.
(D) Open-Coil or Exposed Sheathed-Coil Types of Surface Heating Elements in Commercial-Type Heating Appliances. Open-coil or exposed sheathed-coil types of surface heating clements in commercial-type heating appliances shall be protected by overcurrent protective devices rated at not over 50 amperes.
(E) Single Non-Motor-Operated Appliance. If the branch circuit supplies a single non-motor-operated appliance, the rating of overcurrent protection shall comply with the follow- ing:
(1) Not exceed the overcurrent protection rating marked on the appliance.
(2) Not exceed 20 amperes if the overcurrent protection rating is not marked and the appliance is rated 13.3 amperes or less.
(3) Not exceed 150 percent of the appliance rated current if the overcurrent protection rating is not marked and the appliance is rated over 13.3 amperes. Where 150 percent of the appliance rating does not correspond to a standard overcurrent device ampere rating, the next higher stand- ard rating shall be permitted.
(F) Electric Heating Appliances Employing Resistance-Type Heating Elements Rated More Than 48 Amperes.
(1) Electric Heating Appliances. Electric heating appliances employing resistance-type heating elements rated more than 48 amperes, other than household appliances with surface heating clements covered by 422.11(B), and commercial-type heating appliances covered by 422.11 (D), shall have the heat- ing clements subdivided. Each subdivided load shall not exceed 48 amperes, and cach subdivided load shall be protec- ted at not more than 60 amperes.
These supplementary overcurrent protective devices shall be (1) factory-installed within or on the heater enclosure or provi- ded as a separate assembly by the heater manufacturer; (2) accessible; and (3) suitable for branch-circuit protection.
The main conductors supplying these overcurrent protective devices shall be considered branch-circuit conductors.
(2) Commercial Kitchen and Cooking Appliances. Commer- cial kitchen and cooking appliances using shcathed-type heat- ing clements not covered in 422.11(D) shall be permitted to be subdivided into circuits not exceeding 120 amperes and protec- ted at not more than 150 amperes where one of the following is mct:
(1) Elements are integral with and enclosed within a cooking surfacc.
(2) Elements are completely contained within an enclosure identified as suitable for this usc.
(3) Elements are contained within an ASME-rated and stamped vessel.
(3) Water Heaters and Steam Boilers. Resistance-type immer- sion electric heating elements shall be permitted to be subdivi- ded into circuits not exceeding 120 amperes and protected at not more than 150 amperes as follows:
(1) Where contained in ASME-rated and stamped vessels
(2) Where included in listed instantaneous water heaters
(3) Where installed in low-pressure water heater tanks or open-outlet water heater vessels
Informational Note: See IEC 60335-2-21, Household and similar electrical appliances - Safety - Particular requirements for storage water heaters, for information on low-pressure and open-outlet heaters are atmospheric pressure water heaters
(G) Motor-Operated Appliances. Motors of motor-operated appliances shall be provided with overload protection in accordance with Part III of Article 430. Hermetic refrigerant motor-compressors in air-conditioning or refrigerating equip- ment shall be provided with overload protection in accordance with Part VI of Article '440. Where appliance overcurrent protective devices that are separate from the appliance are required, data for selection of these devices shall be marked on the appliance. The minimum marking shall be that specified in 430.7 and 440.4.
422.12 Central Heating Equipment. Central heating equip- ment other than fixed electric space-heating equipment shall be supplied by an individual branch circuit.
Exception No. 1: Auxiliary equipment, such as a pump, valve, humidi- fier, or electrostatic air cleaner directly associated with the heating equip- ment, shall be permitted to be connected to the same branch circuit.
Exception No. 2: Permanently connected air-conditioning equipment shall be permitted to be connected to the same branch circuit.
422.13 Storage-Type Water Heaters. The branch-circuit over- current device and conductors for fixed storage-type water heaters that have a capacity of 450 L (120 gal) or less shall have an ampere rating of not less than 125 percent of the ampere rating of the water heater.
Informational Note: See 422.10 for branch-circuit rating.
422.16 Flexible Cords.
(A) General. Flexible cord shall be permitted as follows:
(1) To connect appliances to facilitate their frequent inter- change or to prevent the transmission of noise or vibra- tion.
(2) To facilitate the removal or disconnection of appliances that are fastened in place, where the fa.stming means and mechanical connections are specifically designed to permit ready removal for maintenance or repair and the appliance is intended or identified for flexible cord connection.
(3) All cord-and-plug-connected electrically heated applian- ces that produce temperatures in excess of 121 (250°F) on surfaces with which the cord is likely to be in contact shall be provided with one of the types of heater cords listed in Table 400.4.
(B) Specific Appliances.
(1) Electrically Operated In-Sink Waste Disposers. Electrically operated in-sink waste disposers shall be permitted to be cord-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-319
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
422.16
ARTICLE 422 - APPLIANCES
and-plug-connected with a flexible cord identified as suitable in the installation instructions of the appliance manufacturer where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The length of the cord is not less than 450 mm (18 in.) and not exceeding 900 mm (36 in.).
(2) Receptacles are located to protect against physical damage to the flexible cord.
(3) The receptacle is accessible.
(4) The flexible cord has an equipment grounding conduc- tor and is terminated with a grounding-type attachment plug.
Exception: A listed appliance distinctly marked to identify it as protec- ted by a system of double insulation shall not be required to be termina- ted with a grounding-type attachment plug.
(2) Built-in Dishwashers and Trash Compactors. Built-in dish- washers and trash compactors shall be permitted to be cord- and-plug-connected with a flexible cord identified as suitable for the purpose in the installation instructions of the appliance manufacturer where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) For a trash compactor, the length of the cord is not less than 0.9 m (3 ft) and not exceeding 1.2 m (4 ft) mcas- ured from the face of the attachment plug to the plane of the rear of the appliance.
(2) For a built-in dishwasher, the length of the cord is not less than 0.9 m (3 ft) and not exceeding 2.0 m (6.5 ft) mcas- ured from the face of the attachment plug to the plane of the rear of the appliance.
(3) Receptacles are located to protect against physical damage to the flexible cord.
(4) The receptacle for a trash compactor is located in the space occupied by the appliance or adjacent thereto. If a flexible cord passes through an opening, it shall be protected against damage by a bushing, grommet, smoothed edge, or other approved means.
(5) The receptacle for a built-in dishwasher is located in the space adjacent to the space occupied by the dishwasher. If a flexible cord passes through an opening, it shall be protected against damage by a bushing, grommet, smoothed edge, or other approved means.
(6) The receptacle is accessible.
(7) The flexible cord has an equipment grounding conduc- tor that is terminated with a grounding-type attachment plug.
Exception: A listed appliance distinctly marked to identify it as protec- ted by a system of double insulation shall not be required to be termina- ted with a grounding-type attachment plug.
(3) Wall-Mounted Ovens and Counter-Mounted Cooking Units. Wall-mounted ovens and counter-mounted cooking units complete with provisions for mounting and for making electri- cal connections shall be permitted to be permanently connec- ted or cord-and-plug-connected with a flexible cord identified as suitable for the purpose in the installation instructions of the appliance manufacturer.
A separable connector or a plug and receptacle combination in the supply line to an oven or cooking unit shall be identified for the temperature of the space in which it is located.
(4) Range Hoods and Microwave Oven/Range Hood Combi- nations. Range hoods and over-the-range microwave ovens with integral range hoods shall be permitted to be cord-and- plug-connected with a flexible cord identified as suitable for
usc on range hoods in the installation instructions of the appli- ance manufacturer, where all of the following conditions are mct:
(1) The length of the cord is not less than 450 mm (18 in.) and not exceeding 1.2 m (4 ft).
(2) Receptacles are located to protect against physical damage to the flexible cord.
(3) The receptacle is supplied by an individual branch circuit.
(4) The receptacle is accessible.
(5) The flexible cord has an equipment grounding conduc- tor and is terminated with a grounding-type attachment plug.
Exception: A listed appliance distinctly marked to identify it as protec- ted by a system of double insulation shall not be required to be termina- ted with a grounding-type attachment plug.
422.17 Protection of Combustible Material. Each electrically heated appliance that is intended by size, weight, and service to be located in a fixed position shall be placed so as to provide protection between the appliance and adjacent combustible material.
422.18 Ceiling-Suspended (Paddle) Fans.
(A) Support. Ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans shall be suppor- ted independently of an outlet box or by one of the following:
(1) A listed outlet box or listed outlet box system identified for fan support installed in accordance with 314.27(C)
(2) A listed outlet box system, a listed weight-supporting ceil- ing receptacle, and a compatible factory-installed weight- supporting attachment fitting that is installed in accordance with 314.27(E)
(B) Location. No metal parts of ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans in bathrooms and shower spaces shall be located within a zone measured 900 mm (3 ft) horizontally and 2.5 m (8 ft) vertically from the top of the bathtub rim or shower stall threshold. This zone is all-encompassing and shall include the space directly over the tub or shower stall.
422.19 Space for Conductors. The combined volume of the canopy of ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans and outlet box shall provide sufficient space so that conductors and their connect- ing devices are capable of being installed in accordance with 314.16.
422.20 Outlet Boxes to Be Covered. In a completed installa- tion, cach outlet box shall be provided with a cover unless covered by means of a ceiling-suspended (paddle) fan canopy.
422.21 Covering of Combustible Material at Outlet Boxes. Any combustible ceiling finish that is exposed between the edge of a ceiling-suspended (paddle) fan canopy or pan and an outlet box and that has a surface arca of 1160 mm2 (180 in.2) or more shall be covered with noncombustible material.
422.22 Utilizing Separable Attachment Fittings. Appliances shall be permitted to use listed weight-supporting ceiling recep- tacles in combination with compatible weight-supporting attachment fittings used within their ratings and used in accordance with 314.27(E).
70-320
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
422.42
ARTICLE 422 - APPLIANCES
Part III. Disconnecting Means
422.30 General. A means shall be provided to simultaneously disconnect cach appliance from all ungrounded conductors in accordance with the following sections of Part III. If an appli- ance is supplied by more than one branch circuit or feeder, these disconnecting means shall be grouped and identified as being the multiple disconnecting means for the appliance. Each disconnecting means shall simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded conductors that it controls.
422.31 Disconnection of Permanently Connected Appliances. For appliances that do not have a disconnecting means in accordance with 422.33 or 422.34, a disconnecting means shall be provided in accordance with 422.31 (A), (B), or (C).
(A) Rated at Not over 300 Volt-Amperes or 1/8 Horsepower. For permanently connected appliances rated at not over 300 volt- amperes or V/s hp, the branch-circuit overcurrent device shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means where the switch or circuit breaker is within sight from the appliance or be capa- ble of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(B) Appliances Rated over 300 Volt-Amperes. For permanently connected appliances rated over 300 volt-amperes, the branch- circuit switch or circuit breaker shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means where the switch or circuit breaker is within sight from the appliance or be capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
Informational Note: See 422.34 for appliances employing unit switches.
(C) Motor-Operated Appliances Rated over 1/8 Horsepower. The disconnecting means shall comply with 430.109 and 430.110. For permanently connected motor-operated applian- ces with motors rated over 's hp, the disconnecting means shall be within sight from the appliance or be capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
Exception: If an appliance is provided with a unit switch that complies with 422.34(A), (B), or (C), the switch or circuit breaker serving as the other disconnecting means shall be permitted to be out of sight from the appliance.
422.33 Disconnection of Cord-and-Plug-Connected or Attach- ment Fitting-Connected Appliances.
(A) Separable Connector or an Attachment Plug (or Attach- ment Fitting) and Receptacle. For cord-and-plug- (or attach- ment fitting-) connected appliances, an accessible separable connector or an accessible plug (or attachment fitting) and receptacle combination shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means. The attachment fitting shall be a factory installed part of the appliance and suitable for disconnection of the appliance. Where the separable connector or plug (or attachment fitting) and receptacle combination are not accessi- blc, cord-and-plug-connected or attachment fitting-and-plug- connected appliances shall be provided with disconnecting means in accordance with 422.31.
(B) Connection at the Rear Base of a Range. For cord-and- plug-connected household electric ranges, an attachment plug and receptacle connection at the rear base of a range, accessi- ble from the front by removal of a drawer, shall be permitted.
(C) Rating. The rating of a receptacle or of a separable connector shall not be less than the rating of any appliance connected thereto.
Exception: Demand factors authorized elsewhere in this Code shall be permitted to be applied to the rating of a receptacle or of a separable connector.
422.34 Unit Switch(es) as Disconnecting Means. A unit switch(cs) with a marked-off position that is a part of an appli- ance and disconnects all ungrounded conductors shall be permitted as the disconnecting means required by this article where other means for disconnection are provided in occupan- cics specified in 422.34(A) through (D).
(A) Multifamily Dwellings. In multifamily dwellings, the other disconnecting means shall be within the dwelling unit, or on the same floor as the dwelling unit in which the appliance is installed, and shall be permitted to control lamps and other appliances.
(B) Two-Family Dwellings. In two-family dwellings, the other disconnecting means shall be permitted cither inside or outside of the dwelling unit in which the appliance is installed. In this case, an individual switch or circuit breaker for the dwelling unit shall be permitted and shall also be permitted to control lamps and other appliances.
(C) One-Family Dwellings. In onc-family dwellings, the service disconnecting means shall be permitted to be the other discon- necting means.
(D) Other Occupancies. In other occupancies, the branch- circuit switch or circuit breaker, where readily accessible for servicing of the appliance, shall be permitted as the other disconnecting means.
422.35 Switch and Circuit Breaker to Be Indicating. Switches and circuit breakers used as disconnecting means shall be of the indicating typc.
Part IV. Construction
422.40 Polarity in Cord-and-Plug-Connected Appliances. If the appliance is provided with a manually operated, linc- connected, single-pole switch for appliance on-off operation, an Edison-base lampholder, or a 15- or 20-ampere receptacle, the attachment plug shall be of the polarized or grounding typc.
A 2-wirc, nonpolarized attachment plug shall be permitted to be used on a listed double-insulated shaver.
Informational Note: See 410.82 for polarity of Edison-base lamp- holders.
422.41 Cord-and-Plug-Connected Appliances Subject to Immersion. Cord-and-plug-connected portable, freestanding hydromassage units and hand-held hair dryers shall be constructed to provide protection for personnel against elec- trocution when immersed.
422.42 Signals for Heated Appliances. In other than dwelling- type occupancies, cach electrically heated appliance or group of appliances intended to be applied to combustible material shall be provided with a signal or an integral temperature- limiting device.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-321
422.44
ARTICLE 424 - FIXED ELECTRIC SPACE-HEATING EQUIPMENT
422.44 Cord-and-Plug-Connected Immersion Heaters. Electric heaters of the cord-and-plug-connected immersion type shall be constructed and installed so that current-carrying parts are effectively insulated from electrical contact with the substance in which they are immersed.
422.45 Stands for Cord-and-Plug-Connected Appliances. Each smoothing iron and other cord-and-plug-connected electrically heated appliance intended to be applied to combustible mate- rial shall be equipped with an approved stand, which shall be permitted to be a separate piece of equipment or a part of the appliance.
422.47 Water Heater Controls. All storage or instantancous- type water heaters shall be equipped with a temperature- limiting mcans in addition to its control thermostat to disconnect all ungrounded conductors. Such means shall comply with both of the following:
(1) Installed to sense maximum water temperature.
(2) Be cither a trip-frec, manually reset type or a type having a replacement element.
Exception No. 1: Storage water heaters that are identified as being suit- able for use with a supply water temperature of 82 (180ºF) or above and a capacity of 60 kW or above.
Exception No. 2: Instantaneous-type water heaters that are identified as being suitable for such use, with a capacity of 4 L (1 gal) or less.
422.48 Infrared Lamp Industrial Heating Appliances.
(A) 300 Watts or Less. Infrared heating lamps rated at 300 watts or less shall be permitted with lampholders of the medium-base, unswitched porcelain type or other types identi- ficd as suitable for use with infrared heating lamps rated 300 watts or less.
(B) Over 300 Watts. Screw shell lampholders shall not be used with infrared lamps rated over 300 watts, unless the lamphold- ers are identified as being suitable for use with infrared heating lamps rated over 300 watts.
Part V. Marking 422.60 Nameplate.
(A) Nameplate Marking. Each electrical appliance shall be provided with a nameplate giving the identifying name and the rating in volts and amperes, or in volts and watts. If the appli- ance is to be used on a specific frequency or frequencies, it shall be so marked.
Where motor overload protection external to the appliance is required, the appliance shall be so marked.
Informational Note: See 422.11 for overcurrent protection requirements.
(B) To Be Visible. Marking shall be located so as to be visible or casily accessible after installation.
422.61 Marking of Heating Elements. All hcating clements that are rated over one ampere, replaceable in the field, and a part of an appliance shall be legibly marked with the ratings in volts and amperes, or in volts and watts, or with the manufac- turer's part number.
422.62 Appliances Consisting of Motors and Other Loads.
(A) Nameplate Horsepower Markings. Where a motor- operated appliance nameplate includes a horsepower rating, that rating shall not be less than the horsepower rating on the motor nameplate. Where an appliance consists of multiple motors, or one or more motors and other loads, the nameplate valuc shall not be less than the equivalent horsepower of the combined loads, calculated in accordance with 430.110(C) (1).
(B) Additional Nameplate Markings. Appliances, other than those factory-equipped with cords and attachment plugs and with nameplates in compliance with 422.60, shall be marked in accordance with 422.62(B) (1) or (B) (2).
(1) Marking. In addition to the marking required in 422.60, the marking on an appliance consisting of a motor with other load(s) or motors with or without other load(s) shall specify the minimum supply circuit conductor ampacity and the maxi- mum rating of the circuit overcurrent protective device. This requirement shall not apply to an appliance with a nameplate in compliance with 422.60 where both the minimum supply circuit conductor ampacity and maximum rating of the circuit overcurrent protective device are not more than 15 amperes.
(2) Alternate Marking Method. An alternate marking method shall be permitted to specify the rating of the largest motor in volts and amperes, and the additional load(s) in volts and amperes, or volts and watts in addition to the marking required in 422.60. The ampere rating of a motor Ys horsepower or less or a nonmotor load 1 ampere or less shall be permitted to be omitted unless such loads constitute the principal load.
ARTICLE 424 Fixed Electric Space-Heating Equipment
Part I. General
424.1 Scope. This article covers fixed electric equipment used for space heating. For the purpose of this article, heating equipment includes heating cables, unit heaters, boilers, central heating systems, or other fixed electric space-heating equipment. This article does not apply to process heating and room air conditioning.
424.3 Other Articles. Fixed electric space-heating equipment incorporating a hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor shall additionally comply with Table 424.3 unless amended by this article.
424.4 Branch Circuits.
(A) Branch-Circuit Requirements. An individual branch circuit shall be permitted to supply any volt-ampere or wattage rating of fixed electric space-heating equipment for which the branch circuit is rated.
Table 424.3 Other Articles
Equipment
Article
Air-conditioning and refrigerating equipment
440 (Parts I, II, III, IV, V, VI)
70-322
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
424.19
ARTICLE 424 - FIXED ELECTRIC SPACE-HEATING EQUIPMENT
Branch circuits supplying two or more outlets for fixed elec- tric space-heating equipment shall be rated not over 30 amperes. In other than a dwelling unit, fixed infrared hcat- ing equipment shall be permitted to be supplied from branch circuits rated not over 50 amperes.
(B) Branch-Circuit Conductor Sizing. The branch-circuit conductor(s) ampacity shall not be less than 125 percent of the load of the fixed electric space-heating equipment and any associated motor(s).
424.6 Listed Equipment. Electric baseboard heaters, heating cables, duct heaters, and radiant heating systems shall be listed and labeled.
Part II. Installation
424.10 General. Factory-installed receptacle outlets that are part of a permanently installed electric baseboard heater, or outlets provided as a separate listed assembly of an electric baseboard heater, shall be permitted in licu of a receptacle outlet(s) that is required by 210.52. Such receptacle outlets shall not be connected to the baseboard heater circuits.
Informational Note: Listed baseboard heaters include instruc- tions that may not pennit their installation below receptacle outlets.
424.11 Supply Conductors. Fixed electric space-heating equip- ment requiring supply conductors with an insulation rating greater than 60 shall be clearly and permanently marked. This marking shall be plainly visible after installation and shall be permitted to be adjacent to the field connection box.
424.12 Locations.
(A) Exposed to Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, fixed electric space-heating equipment shall be protected in an approved manner.
(B) Damp or Wet Locations. Hcaters and related equipment installed in damp or wet locations shall be listed for such loca- tions.
Informational Note No. 1: See 110.11 for equipment exposed to deteriorating agents.
Informational Note No. 2: See 680.27(C) for pool deck areas.
424.13 Spacing from Combustible Materials. Fixed electric space-heating equipment shall be installed to provide the required spacing between the equipment and adjacent combustible material, unless it is listed to be installed in direct contact with combustible material.
Part III. Control and Protection of Fixed Electric Space- Heating Equipment
424.19 Disconnecting Means. Mcans shall be provided to simultaneously disconnect the heater, motor controller(s), and supplementary overcurrent protective device(s) of all fixed electric space-heating equipment from all ungrounded conduc- tors. Where heating equipment is supplied by more than one source, feeder, or branch circuit, the disconnecting means shall be grouped and identified as having multiple disconnecting means. Each disconnecting means shall simultaneously discon- nect all ungrounded conductors that it controls. The discon- necting means specified in 424.19(A) and (B) shall have an
ampere rating not less than 125 percent of the total load of the motors and the heaters and shall be capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(A) Heating Equipment with Supplementary Overcurrent Protection. The disconnecting means for fixed electric space- heating equipment with supplementary overcurrent protection shall be within sight from the supplementary overcurrent protective device(s), on the supply side of these devices, if fuses, and, in addition, shall comply with cither 424.19(A) (1) or (A) (2).
(1) Heater Containing No Motor Rated over 1/8 Horsepower. The disconnecting means provided shall be within sight from the motor controller(s) and the heater, or shall be lockable as specified in 424.19, or shall be a unit switch complying with 424.19(C).
(2) Heater Containing a Motor(s) Rated over 1/s Horsepower. The disconnecting means required by 424.19 shall be permit- ted to serve as the required disconnecting means for both the motor controller(s) and heater under either of the following conditions:
(1) Where the disconnecting means is in sight from the motor controller(s) and the heater and complies with Part IX of Article 430.
(2) Where a motor(s) of more than 's hp and the heater are provided with a single unit switch that complics with 422.34(A), (B), (C), or (D), the disconnecting means . . shall be permitted to be out of sight from the motor controller.
(B) Heating Equipment Without Supplementary Overcurrent Protection.
(1) Without Motor or with Motor Not over 1/8 Horsepower. For fixed electric space-heating equipment without a motor rated over 1/s hp, the branch-circuit switch or circuit breaker shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means where the switch or circuit breaker is within sight from the heater or is capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(2) Over 1/8 Horsepower. For motor-driven electric space- heating equipment with a motor rated over '/s hp, a disconnect- ing means shall be located within sight from the motor controller or shall be permitted to comply with the require- ments in 424.19(A) (2).
(C) Unit Switch(es) as Disconnecting Means. A unit switch (cs) with a marked "off" position that is part of a fixed heater and disconnects all ungrounded conductors shall be permitted as the disconnecting means required by this article where other means for disconnection are provided in the types of occupan- cics in 424.19(C) (1) through (C)(4).
(1) Multifamily Dwellings. In multifamily dwellings, the other disconnecting means shall be within the dwelling unit, or on the same floor as the dwelling unit in which the fixed heater is installed, and shall also be permitted to control general- purpose circuits and appliance circuits.
(2) Two-Family Dwellings. In two-family dwellings, the other disconnecting means shall be permitted cither inside or outside of the dwelling unit in which the fixed heater is installed. In this case, an individual switch or circuit breaker for the dwelling unit shall be permitted and shall also be permitted to control general-purpose circuits and appliance circuits.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-323
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
424.19
ARTICLE 424 - FIXED ELECTRIC SPACE-HEATING EQUIPMENT
(3) One-Family Dwellings. In one-family dwellings, the service disconnecting means shall be permitted to be the other discon- necting means.
(4) Other Occupancies. In other occupancies, the branch- circuit switch or circuit breaker, where readily accessible for servicing of the fixed heater, shall be permitted as the other disconnecting means.
424.20 Thermostatically Controlled Switching Devices.
(A) Serving as Both Controllers and Disconnecting Means. Thermostatically controlled switching devices and combination thermostats and manually controlled switches shall be permit- ted to serve as both controllers and disconnecting means, provided they meet all of the following conditions:
(1) Provided with a marked "off" position
(2) Directly open all ungrounded conductors when manually placed in the "off" position
(3) Designed so that the circuit cannot be energized automat- ically after the device has been manually placed in the "off" position
(4) Located as specified in 424.19
(5) Located in an accessible location
(B) Thermostats That Do Not Directly Interrupt All Ungroun- ded Conductors. Thermostats that do not directly interrupt all ungrounded conductors and thermostats that operate remote- control circuits shall not be required to meet the requirements of 424.20(A). These devices shall not be permitted as the disconnecting means.
424.21 Switch and Circuit Breaker to Be Indicating. Switches and circuit breakers used as disconnecting means shall be of the indicating typc.
424.22 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Branch-Circuit Devices. Electric space-heating equipment, other than motor-operated equipment required to have addi- tional overcurrent protection by Parts III and IV of Article 430 or Parts III and VI of Article 440, shall be permitted to be protected against overcurrent where supplied by one of the branch circuits in Part II of Article 210.
(B) Resistance Elements. Resistance-type heating clements in electric space-heating equipment shall be protected at not more than 60 amperes. Equipment rated more than 48 amperes and employing such elements shall have the heat- ing clements subdivided, and each subdivided load shall not exceed 48 amperes. Where a subdivided load is less than 48 amperes, the rating of the supplementary overcurrent protective device shall comply with 424.4(B). A boiler employ- ing resistance-type immersion heating clements contained in an ASME-rated and stamped vessel shall be permitted to comply with 424.72(A).
(C) Overcurrent Protective Devices. The supplementary over- current protective devices for the subdivided loads specified in 424.22(B) shall meet all of the following conditions:
(1) Be factory-installed within or on the heater enclosure or supplied for use with the heater as a separate assembly by the heater manufacturer
(2) Be accessible
(3) Be suitable for branch-circuit protection
Where cartridge fuses are used to provide overcurrent protection for the subdivided loads, a single disconnecting
mcans shall be permitted to be used as the disconnecting means for all of the subdivided loads.
Informational Note No. 1: See 240.10.
Informational Note No. 2: See 240.10 for supplementary over- current protection.
Informational Note No. 3: See 240.40 for disconnecting means for cartridge fuses in circuits of any voltage.
(D) Branch-Circuit Conductors. The conductors supplying the supplementary overcurrent protective devices shall be consid- cred branch-circuit conductors.
Where the heaters are rated 50 kW or more, the conductors supplying the supplementary overcurrent protective devices specified in 424.22(C) shall be permitted to be sized at not less than 100 percent of the nameplate rating of the heater, provi- ded all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The heater is marked with a minimum conductor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature-actuated device controls the cyclic opera- tion of the equipment.
(E) Conductors for Subdivided Loads. Field-wired conductors between the heater and the supplementary overcurrent protec- tive devices shall be sized at not less than 125 percent of the load served. The supplementary overcurrent protective devices specified in 424.22(C) shall protect these conductors in accord- ance with 240.4.
Where the heaters are rated 50 kW or more, the ampacity of field-wired conductors between the heater and the supplemen- tary overcurrent protective devices shall be permitted to be not less than 100 percent of the load of their respective subdivided circuits, provided all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The heater is marked with a minimum conductor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature-activated device controls the cyclic opera- tion of the equipment.
Part IV. Marking of Heating Equipment 424.28 Nameplate.
(A) Marking Required. Each unit of fixed electric space- heating equipment shall be provided with a nameplate giving the identifying name and the normal rating in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
Electric space-heating equipment intended for use on alter- nating current only, direct current only, or both shall be marked to so indicate. The marking of equipment consisting of motors over 1/3 hp and other loads shall specify the rating of the motor in volts, amperes, and frequency, and the heating load in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
(B) Location. This nameplate shall be located so as to be visi- ble or accessible after installation.
424.29 Marking of Heating Elements. All hcating clements that are replaccable in the field and are part of an electric heater shall be legibly marked with the ratings in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
70-324
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
424.43
ARTICLE 424 - FIXED ELECTRIC SPACE-HEATING EQUIPMENT
Part V. Electric Space-Heating Cables
424.34 Heating Cable Construction. Factory-assembled nonhcating leads of heating cables, if any, shall be at least 2.1 m (7 ft) in length.
424.35 Marking of Heating Cables. Each unit shall be marked with the identifying name or identification symbol, catalog number, and ratings in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
424.36 Clearances of Wiring in Ceilings. Wiring located above hcated ceilings shall be spaced not less than 50 mm (2 in.) above the heated ceiling. The ampacity of conductors shall be calculated on the basis of an assumedambient temperature of not less than 50 (122ºF), applying the correction factors in accordance with 310.15(B) (1). If this wiring is located above thermal insulation having a minimum thickness of 50 mm (2 in.), it shall be subject to the ambient correction in accord- ance with 310.15(B) (1).
424.38 Area Restrictions.
(A) Extending Beyond the Room or Area. Hcating cables shall be permitted to extend beyond the room or arca in which they originate unless prohibited by 424.38(B).
(B) Uses Not Permitted. Hcating cables shall not be installed as follows:
(1) In closcts, other than as noted in 424.38(C)
(2) Overthe top of walls where the wall intersects the ceiling
(3) Over partitions that extend to the ceiling, unless they are isolated single runs of embedded cable
(4) Under or through walls
(5) Over cabinets whose clearance from the ceiling is less than the minimum horizontal dimension of the cabinet to the nearest cabinet edge that is open to the room or arca
(6) In tub and shower walls
(7) Under cabinets or similar built-ins having no clearance to the floor
(C) In Closet Ceilings as Low-Temperature Heat Sources to Control Relative Humidity. The provisions of 424.38(B) shall not prevent the use of cable in closet ceilings as low- temperature heat sources to control relative humidity, provided they are used only in those portions of the ceiling that are unobstructed to the floor.
424.39 Clearance from Other Objects and Openings. Heating elements of cables installed in ceilings shall be separated at Icast 200 mm (8 in.) from the edge of outlet boxes and junc- tion boxes that are to be used for mounting surface luminaires. A clearance of not less than 50 mm (2 in.) shall be provided from recessed luminaires and their trims, ventilating openings, and other such openings in room surfaces. No heating cable shall be covered by any ceiling surface-mounted equipment.
424.40 Splices. The length of heating cable shall only bc altered using splices identified in the manufacturer's instruc- tions.
424.41 Ceiling Installation of Heating Cables on Dry Board, in Plaster, and on Concrete.
(A) In Walls. Heating cables identified only for use in ceiling installations shall not be installed in walls unless it is necessary for an isolated single run of cable to be installed down a verti- cal surface to reach a dropped ceiling.
(B) Adjacent Runs. Adjacent runs of heating cable shall be installed in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
(C) Surfaces to Be Applied. Hcating cables shall be applied only to gypsum board, plaster lath, or other fire-resistant mate- rial. With metal lath or other electrically conductive surfaces, a coat of plaster or other means employed in accordance with the heating cable manufacturer's instructions shall be applied to completely separate the metal lath or conductive surface from the cable.
Informational Note: See 424.41 (F).
(D) Splices. All heating cables, the splice between the heating cable and nonheating leads, and 75-mm (3-in.) minimum of the nonheating lead at the splice shall be embedded in plaster or dry board in the same manner as the heating cable.
(E) Ceiling Surface. The entire ceiling surface shall have a finish of thermally noninsulating sand plaster that has a nomi- nal thickness of 13 mm (1/s in.), or other noninsulating material identified as suitable for this use and applied according to specified thickness and directions.
(F) Secured. Cables shall be secured by means of approved stapling, tapc, plaster, nonmetallic spreaders, or other approved means cither at intervals not exceeding 400 mm (16 in.) or at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) for cables identified for such usc. Staples or metal fasteners that straddle the cable shall not be used with metal lath or other electrically conductive surfaces.
(G) Dry Board Installations. In dry board installations, the entire ceiling below the heating cable shall be covered with gypsum board not exceeding 13 mm (1/2 in.) thickness. The void between the upper layer of gypsum board, plaster lath, or other fire-resistant material and the surface layer of gypsum board shall be completely filled with thermally conductive, nonshrinking plaster or other approved material or equivalent thermal conductivity.
(H) Free from Contact with Conductive Surfaces. Cables shall be kept free from contact with metal or other electrically conductive surfaces.
(I) Joists. In dry board applications, cable shall be installed parallel to the joist, leaving a clear space centered under the joist of 65 mm (21/g in.) (width) between centers of adjacent runs of cable. A surface layer of gypsum board shall be moun- ted so that the nails or other fasteners do not pierce the heat- ing cable.
(J) Crossing Joists. Cables shall cross joists only at the ends of the room unless the cable is required to cross joists elsewhere in order to satisfy the manufacturer's instructions regarding clearance from ceiling penetrations and luminaires.
424.42 Finished Ceilings. Finished ceilings shall not be covered with decorative panels or beams constructed of materi- als that have thermal insulating properties, such as wood, fiber, or plastic. Finished ceilings shall be permitted to be covered with paint, wallpaper, or other approved surface finishes.
424.43 Installation of Nonheating Leads of Cables.
(A) Free Nonheating Leads. Frcc nonheating leads of cables shall be installed in accordance with Chapter 3 wiring methods, or other listed means, from the junction box to a location within the ceiling.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-325
424.43
ARTICLE 424 - FIXED ELECTRIC SPACE-HEATING EQUIPMENT
(B) Leads in Junction Box. Not less than 150 mm (6 in.) of free nonheating lead shall be within the junction box. The marking of the leads shall be visible in the junction box.
(C) Excess Leads. Excess leads of heating cables shall not be cut but shall be secured to the underside of the ceiling and embedded in plaster or other approved material, leaving only a length sufficient to reach the junction box with not less than 150 mm (6 in.) of free lead within the box.
424.44 Installation of Cables in Concrete or Poured Masonry Floors.
(A) Adjacent Runs. Adjacent runs of heating cable shall be installed in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
(B) Secured in Place. Cables shall be secured in place by nonmetallic frames or spreaders or other approved means while the concrete or other finish is applied.
(C) Leads Protected. Leads shall be protected where they leave the floor by rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, electrical metallic tubing, or by other approved means.
(D) Bushings or Approved Fittings. Bushings or approved fittings shall be used where the leads emerge within the floor slab.
(E) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. In addition to the requirements in 210.8, ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel shall be provided for cables installed in electrically heated floors of bathrooms, kitchens, and in hydromassage bathtub locations.
424.45 Installation of Cables Under Floor Coverings.
(A) Identification. Hcating cables for installation under floor covering shall be identified as suitable for installation under floor covering.
(B) Expansion Joints. Heating cables shall not be installed where they bridge expansion joints unless provided with expan- sion and contraction fittings applicable to the manufacture of the cable.
(C) Connection to Conductors. Hcating cables shall be connected to branch-circuit and supply wiring by wiring meth- ods described in the installation instructions.
(D) Anchoring. Heating cables shall be positioned and secured in place under the floor covering, in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
(E) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. In addition to the requirements in 210.8, ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel shall be provided.
(F) Grounding Braid or Sheath. Grounding means, such as copper braid, metal sheath, or other approved means, shall be provided as part of the heated length.
424.46 Inspection. Cable installations shall be made with duc care to prevent damage to the cable assembly and shall be inspected and approved before cables are covered or concealed.
424.47 Label Provided by Manufacturer. The manufacturers of electric space-heating cables shall provide marking labels that indicate that the space-heating installation incorporates electric space-heating cables and instructions that the labels
shall be affixed to the panelboards to identify which branch circuits supply the circuits to those space-heating installations. If the electric space-heating cable installations are visible and distinguishable after installation, the labels shall not be required to be provided and affixed to the panelboards.
424.48 Installation of Cables in Walls. Unless prohibited by 424.38(B), heating cables and cable sets shall be permitted to be installed in, on, or behind walls provided all of the following are met:
(1) Heating cables and cable sets shall be identified as suita- ble for installation in, on, or behind walls.
(2) Heating cables and cable sets shall be GFCI protected.
(3) Grounding means, such as copper braid, metal sheath, or other approved means, shall be provided.
(4) Heating cables and cable sets shall be AFCI protected.
(5) Heating cables and cable sets shall be permitted to be installed no more than 1.2 m (4 ft) above the floor.
This requirement shall become effective January I, 2026.
Part VI. Duct Heaters
424.57 General. Part VI shall apply to any heater mounted in the airstream of a forced-air system where the air-moving unit is not provided as an integral part of the equipment.
424.58 Identification. Heaters installed in an air duct shall be identified as suitable for the installation.
424.59 Airflow. Mcans shall be provided to ensure uniform airflow over the face of the heater in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
Informational Note: Heaters installed within 1.2 m (4 ft) of the outlet of an air-moving device, heat pump, air conditioner, elbows, baffle plates, or other obstructions in ductwork may require turning vanes, pressure plates, or other devices on the inlet side of the duct heater to ensure an even distribution of air over the face of the heater.
424.60 Elevated Inlet Temperature. Duct heaters intended for use with elevated inlet air temperature shall be identified as suitable for use at the elevated temperatures.
424.61 Installation of Duct Heaters with Heat Pumps and Air Conditioners. Heat pumps and air conditioners having duct heaters closer than 1.2 m (4 ft) to the heat pump or air condi- tioner shall have both the duct heater and heat pump or air conditioner identified as suitable for such installation and so marked.
424.62 Condensation. Duct heaters used with air conditioners or other air-cooling equipment that could result in condensa- tion of moisture shall be identified as suitable for use with air conditioners.
424.63 Fan Circuit Interlock. Mcans shall be provided to ensure that the fan circuit is energized when any heater circuit is energized. However, time- or temperature-controlled delay in energizing the fan motor shall be permitted.
424.64 Limit Controls. Each duct heater shall be provided with an approved, integral, automatic-reset temperature- limiting control or controllers to de-energize the circuit or circuits.
In addition, an integral independent supplementary control or controllers shall be provided in cach duct heater that
70-326
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
424.80
ARTICLE 424 -FIXED ELECTRIC SPACE-HEATING EQUIPMENT
disconnects a sufficient number of conductors to interrupt current flow. This device shall be manually resettable or replaceable.
424.65 Location of Disconnecting Means. Duct heater control- ler equipment shall be accessible with the disconnecting means installed within sight from the controller or as permitted by 424.19(A).
424.66 Installation. Duct heaters shall be installed in accord- ance with the manufacturer's instructions in such a manner that the operation of the duct heater does not create a hazard to persons or property. Furthermore, duct heaters shall be loca- ted with respect to building construction and other equipment so as to permit access to the heater and the heater control. Working space shall be maintained in accordance with 110.26(A) (4) and shall permit replacement of controls and heating clements and for adjusting and cleaning of controls and other parts requiring such attention.
Informational Note: See NFPA 90A, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, and NFPA 90B, Standard for the Installation of Warm Air Heating and Air-Conditioning Systems, for additional installation information.
Part VII. Resistance-Type Boilers
424.70 Scope. The provisions in Part VII of this article shall apply to boilers employing resistance-type heating elements. Scc Part VIII of this article for electrode-type boilers.
424.71 Identification. Resistance-type boilers shall be identi- ficd as suitable for the installation.
424.72 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Boiler Employing Resistance-Type Immersion Heating Elements in an ASME-Rated and Stamped Vessel. A boiler employing resistance-type immersion heating elements contained in an ASME-rated and stamped vessel shall have the heating clements protected at not more than 150 amperes. Such a boiler rated more than 120 amperes shall have the heat- ing clements subdivided into loads not exceeding 120 amperes.
Where a subdivided load is less than 120 amperes, the rating of the overcurrent protective device shall comply with 424.4(B).
(B) Boiler Employing Resistance-Type Heating Elements Rated More Than 48 Amperes and Not Contained in an ASME-Rated and Stamped Vessel. A boiler employing resistance-type heat- ing clements not contained in an ASME-rated and stamped vessel shall have the heating elements protected at not more than 60 amperes. Such a boiler rated more than 48 amperes shall have the heating clements subdivided into loads not exceeding 48 amperes.
Where a subdivided load is less than 48 amperes, the rating of the overcurrent protective device shall comply with 424.4(B).
(C) Supplementary Overcurrent Protective Devices. The supplementary overcurrent protective devices for the subdivi- ded loads as required by 424.72(A) and (B) shall be as follows:
(1) Factory-installed within or on the boiler enclosure or provided as a separate assembly by the boiler manufac- turer
(2) Accessible, but need not be readily accessible (3) Suitable for branch-circuit protection
Where cartridge fuses are used to provide this overcurrent protection, a single disconnecting means shall be permitted for the several subdivided circuits. Sec 240.40.
(D) Conductors Supplying Supplementary Overcurrent Protec- tive Devices. The conductors supplying these supplementary overcurrent protective devices shall be considered branch- circuit conductors.
Where the heaters are rated 50 kW or more, the conductors supplying the overcurrent protective device specified in 424.72(C) shall be permitted to be sized at not less than 100 percent of the nameplate rating of the heater, provided all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The heater is marked with a minimum conductor size and conductor insulation temperature rating.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature- or pressure-actuated device controls the cyclic operation of the equipment.
(E) Conductors for Subdivided Loads. Field-wired conductors between the heater and the supplementary overcurrent protec- tive devices shall be sized at not less than 125 percent of the load served. The supplementary overcurrent protective devices specified in 424.72(C) shall protect these conductors in accord- ance with 240.4.
Where the heaters are rated 50 kW or more, the ampacity of field-wired conductors between the heater and the supplemen- tary overcurrent protective devices shall be permitted to be not less than 100 percent of the load of their respective subdivided circuits, provided all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The heater is marked with a minimum conductor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature-activated device controls the cyclic opera- tion of the equipment.
424.73 Overtemperature Limit Control. Each boiler designed so that in normal operation there is no change in state of the heat transfer medium shall be equipped with a temperature- sensitive limiting means. It shall be installed to limit maximum liquid temperature and shall directly or indirectly disconnect all ungrounded conductors to the heating elements. Such means shall be in addition to a temperature-regulating system and other devices protecting the tank against excessive pres- surc.
424.74 Overpressure Limit Control. Each boiler designed so that in normal operation there is a change in state of the heat transfer medium from liquid to vapor shall be equipped with a pressure-sensitive limiting means. It shall be installed to limit maximum pressure and shall directly or indirectly disconnect all ungrounded conductors to the heating elements. Such means shall be in addition to a pressure-regulating system and other devices protecting the tank against excessive pressure.
Part VIII. Electrode-Type Boilers
424.80 Scope. The provisions in Part VIII of this article shall apply to boilers for operation at 600 volts, nominal, or less, in
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-327
424.81
ARTICLE 424 - FIXED ELECTRIC SPACE-HEATING EQUIPMENT
which heat is generated by the passage of current between elec- trodes through the liquid being heated.
Informational Note: See Part V of Article 495 for over 1000 volts.
424.81 Identification. Electrode-type boilers shall be identified as suitable for the installation.
424.82 Branch-Circuit Requirements. The size of branch- circuit conductors and overcurrent protective devices shall be calculated on the basis of 125 percent of the total load (motors not included). A contactor, relay, or other device, approved for continuous operation at 100 percent of its rating, shall be permitted to supply its full-rated load. Sec 210.19(A), Excep- tion to (1). The provisions of this section shall not apply to conductors that form an integral part of an approved boiler.
Where an electrode boiler is rated 50 kW or more, the conductors supplying the boiler electrode (s) shall be permitted to be sized at not less than 100 percent of the nameplate rating of the electrode boiler, provided all the following conditions arc met:
(1) The electrode boiler is marked with a minimum conduc- tor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature- or pressure-actuated device controls the cyclic operation of the equipment.
424.83 Overtemperature Limit Control. Each boiler, designed so that in normal operation there is no change in state of the heat transfer medium, shall be equipped with a temperature- sensitive limiting means. It shall be installed to limit maximum liquid temperature and shall directly or indirectly interrupt all current flow through the electrodes. Such means shall be in addition to the temperature-regulating system and other devi- ces protecting the tank against excessive pressure.
424.84 Overpressure Limit Control. Each boiler, designed so that in normal operation there is a change in state of the heat transfer medium from liquid to vapor, shall be equipped with a pressure-sensitive limiting means. It shall be installed to limit maximum pressure and shall directly or indirectly interrupt all current flow through the electrodes. Such means shall be in addition to a pressure-regulating system and other devices protecting the tank against excessive pressure.
424.85 Grounding. Boilers designed such that fault currents do not pass through the pressure vessel, and the pressure vessel is electrically isolated from the electrodes, all exposed non- current-carrying metal parts, including the pressure vessel, supply, and return connecting piping, shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor.
For all other designs, the pressure vessel containing the elec- trodes shall be isolated and electrically insulated from ground.
424.86 Markings. All electrode-type boilers shall be marked to show the following:
(1) The manufacturer's name.
(2) The rating in volts, amperes, and kilowatts.
(3) The electrical supply required specifying frequency, number of phases, and number of wires.
(4) The marking "Electrode-Type Boiler."
(5) A warning marking, "All Power Supplies Shall Be Discon- nected Before Servicing, Including Servicing the Pressure Vessel."
A field-applied warning marking or label shall comply with 110.21 (B). The nameplate shall be located so as to be visible after installation.
Part IX. Electric Radiant Heating Panels and Heating Panel Sets
424.90 Scope. The provisions of Part IX of this article shall apply to radiant heating panels and heating panel sets.
424.92 Markings.
(A) Location. Markings shall be permanent and in a location that is visible prior to application of panel trim cover.
(B) Identified as Suitable. Each unit shall be identified as suit- able for the installation.
(C) Required Markings. Each unit shall be marked with the identifying name or identification symbol, catalog number, and rating in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
424.93 Installation.
(A) General.
(1) Manufacturer's Instructions. Heating panels and heating panel sets shall be installed in accordance with the manufactur- er's instructions.
(2) Locations Not Permitted. The heating portion shall not be installed as follows:
(1) Inor behind surfaces where subject to physical damage
(2). Run through or above walls, partitions, cupboards, or similar portions of structures that extend to the ceiling
(3) Run in or through thermal insulation, but shall be permitted to be in contact with the surface of thermal insulation
(4) In walls, except as permitted by 424.93(C)
(3) Separation from Outlets for Luminaires. Edges of panels and panel sets shall be separated by not less than 200 mm (8 in.) from the edges of any outlet boxes and junction boxes that are to be used for mounting surface luminaires. A clear- ance of not less than 50 mm (2 in.) shall be provided from recessed luminaires and their trims, ventilating openings, and other such openings in room surfaces, unless the heating panels and panel sets are listed and marked for lesser clearan- ces, in which case they shall be permitted to be installed at the marked clearances. Sufficient arca shall be provided to ensure that no heating panel or heating panel set is to be covered by any surface-mounted equipment.
(4) Surfaces Covering Heating Panels. After the heating panels or heating panel sets are installed and inspected, it shall be permitted to install a surface that has been identified by the manufacturer's instructions as being suitable for the installa- tion. The surface shall be secured so that the nails or other fastenings do not pierce the heating panels or heating panel sct.s.
(5) Surface Coverings. Surfaces permitted by 424.93(A) (4) shall be permitted to be covered with paint, wallpaper, or other approved surfaces identified in the manufacturer's instructions as being suitable.
70-328
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
424.99
ARTICLE 424 - FIXED ELECTRIC SPACE-HEATING EQUIPMENT
(B) Heating Panel Sets.
(1) Mounting Location. Hcating panel sets shall be permitted to be secured to the lower face of joists or mounted in between joists, headers, or nailing strips.
(2) Parallel to Joists or Nailing Strips. Heating panel sets shall be installed parallel to joists or nailing strips.
(3) Installation of Nails, Staples, or Other Fasteners. Nailing or stapling of heating panel sets shall be done only through the unheated portions provided for this purpose. Heating panel sets shall not be cut through or nailed through any point closer than 6 mm (1/4 in.) to the clement. Nails, staples, or other fasteners shall not be used where they penetrate current- carrying part.s.
(4) Installed as Complete Unit. Heating panel sets shall be installed as complete units unless identified as suitable for field cutting in an approved manner.
(C) Installation of Heating Panels in Walls. Unless prohibited by 424.93(A) (2), heating panels shall be permitted to be instal- led in, on, or behind walls provided all of the following are mct:
(1) Heating panels shall be identified as suitable for installa- tion in, on, or behind walls.
(2) Heating panels shall be installed per the manufacturer's instructions and in accordance with the product listing.
(3) Heating panels shall be GFCI protected.
(4) Grounding means, such as copper braid, metal sheath, or other approved means, shall be provided.
(5) Heating panels shall be AFCI protected.
(6) Heating panels shall be permitted to be installed no more than 1.2 m (4 ft) above the floor.
Exception: Low-voltage heating panels shall not be required to be GFCI proterted.
This requirement shall become effective January 1, 2026.
424.94 Clearances of Wiring in Ceilings. Wiring located above heated ceilings shall be spaced not less than 50 mm (2 in.) above the heated ceiling. The ampacity shall be calculated on the basis of an assumed ambient temperature of not less than 50°C (122ºF), applying the correction factors in accordance with 310.15(B) (1). If this wiring is located above thermal insu- lation having a minimum thickness of 50 mm (2 in.), it shall be subject to the ambient correction in accordance with 310.15(B) (1).
424.95 Location of Branch-Circuit and Feeder Wiring in Walls.
(A) Exterior Walls. Wiring methods shall comply with 310.14(A) (3).
(B) Interior Walls. The ampacity of any wiring behind heating panels or heating panel sets located in interior walls or parti- tions shall be calculated on the basis of an assumed ambient temperature of 40 (104ºF), applying the correction factors in accordance with 310.15(B) (1).
424.96 Connection t o Branch-Circuit Conductors.
(A) General. Hcating panels or heating panel sets assembled together in the field to form a heating installation in one room or arca shall be connected in accordance with the manufactur- er's instructions.
(B) Heating Panels. Hcating panels shall be connected to branch-circuit wiring by an approved wiring method.
(C) Heating Panel Sets.
(1) Connection to Branch-Circuit Wiring. Heating panel sets shall be connected to branch-circuit wiring by a method identi- ficd as being suitable for the purpose.
(2) Panel Sets with Terminal Junction Assembly. A hcating panel set provided with terminal junction assembly shall be permitted to have the nonheating leads attached at the time of installation in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
424.97 Nonheating Leads. Excess nonhcating leads of heating panels or heating panel sets shall be permitted to be cut to the required length as indicated in the manufacturer's installation instructions. Nonheating leads that are an integral part of a heating panel or heating panel set, cither attached or provided by the manufacturer as part of a terminal junction assembly, shall not be subjected to the ampacity requirements of 424.4(B) for branch circuits.
424.98 Installation in Concrete or Poured Masonry.
(A) Secured in Place and Identified as Suitable. Hcating panels or heating panel sets shall be secured in place by means specified in the manufacturer's instructions and identified as suitable for the installation.
(B). Expansion Joints. Heating panels or heating panel sets shall not be installed where they bridge expansion joints unless provision is made for expansion and contraction.
(C) Spacings. Spacings shall be maintained between heating panels or heating panel sets and metal embedded in the floor. Grounded metal-clad heating panels shall be permitted to be in contact with metal embedded in the floor.
(D) Protection of Leads. Leads shall be protected where they leave the floor by rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, or electrical metallic tubing, or by other approved means.
(E) Bushings or Fittings Required. Bushings or approved fittings shall be used where the leads emerge within the floor slabs.
424.99 Installation Under Floor Covering.
(A) Identification. Hcating panels or heating panel sets for installation under floor covering shall be identified as suitable for installation under floor covering.
(B) Installation. Listed heating panels or panel sets, if installed under floor covering, shall be installed on surfaces that are smooth and flat in accordance with the manufacturer's instruc- tions and shall also comply with 424.99(B) (1) through (B) (6).
(1) Expansion Joints. Heating panels or heating panel sets shall not be installed where they bridge expansion joints unless protected from expansion and contraction.
(2) Connection to Conductors. Heating panels and hcating panel sets shall be connected to branch-circuit and supply wiring by wiring methods recognized in Chapter 3.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-329
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
424.99
ARTICLE 425 - FIXED RESISTANCE AND ELECTRODE INDUSTRIAL PROCESS HEATING EQUIPMENT
(3) Anchoring. Heating panels and heating panel sets shall be firmly anchored to the floor using an adhesive or anchoring system identified for this usc.
(4) Coverings. After heating panels or heating panel sets are installed and inspected, they shall be permitted to be covered by a floor covering that has been identified by the heater manufacturer as being suitable for the installation.
(5) GFCI Protection. In addition to the requirements in 210.8, branch circuits supplying the heating panel or heating panel sets shall have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel.
(6) Grounding Braid or Sheath. Excluding nonhcating leads, grounding means, such as copper braid, metal sheath, or other approved means, shall be provided with or as an integral part of the heating panel or heating panel set.
Part X. Low-Voltage Fixed Electric Space-Heating Equipment
424.100 Scope. Low-voltage fixed electric space-heating equip- ment shall consist of an isolating power supply, low-voltage heaters, and associated equipment that are all identified for usc in dry locations.
424.101 Energy Source.
(A) Power Unit. The power unit shall be an isolating type with a rated output not exceeding 25 amperes, 30 volts (42.4 volts pcak) ac, or 60 volts dc under all load conditions.
(B) Alternate Energy Sources. Listed low-voltage fixed electric space-heating equipment shall be permitted to be supplied directly from an alternate energy source such as solar photovol- taic (PV) or wind power. When supplied from such a source, the source and any power conversion equipment between the source and the heating equipment and its supply shall be listed and comply with the applicable section of the NEC for the source used. The output of the source shall meet the limits of 424.101 (A).
424.102 Listed Equipment. Low-voltage fixed electric space- heating equipment shall be listed as a complete system.
424.103 Installation.
(A) General. Equipment shall be installed per the manufactur- er's installation instructions.
(B) Ground. Secondary circuits shall not be grounded.
(C) Ground-Fault Protection. Ground-fault protection shall not be required.
424.104 Branch Circuit.
(A) Equipment shall be permitted to be supplied from branch circuits rated not over 30 amperes.
(B) The equipment shall be considered a continuous duty load.
ARTICLE 425 Fixed Resistance and Electrode Industrial Process Heating Equipment
Part I. General
425.1 Scope. This article covers fixed industrial process heat- ing employing electric resistance or electrode heating technol- ogy. For the purpose of this article, heating equipment includes boilers, electrode boilers, duct heaters, strip heaters, immer- sion heaters, process air heaters, or other fixed electric equip- ment used for industrial process heating.
425.3 Other Articles. Fixed industrial process heating cquip- ment incorporating a hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor shall additionally comply with Table 425.3.
425.4 Branch Circuits.
(A) Branch-Circuit Requirements. An individual branch circuit shall be permitted to supply any volt-ampere or wattage rating of fixed industrial process heating equipment for which the branch circuit is rated.
(B) Branch-Circuit Sizing. Fixed industrial process heating equipment and motors shall be considered continuous loads.
425.6 Listed Equipment. Fixed industrial process heating equipment shall be listed.
Part II. Installation
425.10 General.
(A) Location. Fixed industrial process heating equipment shall be accessible.
(B) Working Space. Working space about electrical enclosures for fixed industrial process heating equipment that require examination, adjustment, servicing, or maintenance while energized shall be accessible, and the work space for personnel shall comply with 110.26 and 110.34, based upon the utilization voltage to ground.
Exception: With special permission, in industrial establishments only, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons will service the installation, working space less than that required in 110.26 or 110.34 shall be permitted.
(C) Above Grade Level, Floor, or Work Platform. Where the enclosure is located above grade, the floor, or a work platform, all of the following shall apply:
(1) The enclosure shall be accessible.
(2) The width of the working space shall be the width of the enclosure or a minimum of 762 mm (30 in.), whichever is greater.
Table 425.3 Other Articles
Equipment
Article
Motors, motor circuits, and controllers
Air-conditioning and refrigerating equipment
430
440 (Parts I through IV)
70-330
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 425 - FIXED RESISTANCE AND ELECTRODE INDUSTRIAL PROCESS HEATING EQUIPMENT
425.22
(3) The depth of the workspace shall comply with 110.26(A) or 110.34 based upon the voltage to ground.
(4) All doors or hinged panels shall open to at least 90 degrees.
425.11 Supply Conductors. Fixed industrial process heating equipment requiring supply conductors with over 60 insula- tion shall be clearly and permanently marked. This marking shall be plainly visible after installation and shall be permitted to be adjacent to the field connection box.
425.12 Locations.
(A) Exposed to Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, fixed industrial process heating equipment shall be protected in an approved manner.
(B) Damp or Wet Locations. Fixed industrial process heating equipment installed in damp or wet locations shall be listed for such locations and shall be constructed and installed so that water or other liquids cannot enter or accumulate in or on wired sections, electrical components, or ductwork.
Informational Note: See 110.11 for equipment exposed to dete- riorating agents.
425.13 Spacing from Combustible Materials. Fixed industrial process heating equipment shall be installed to provide the required spacing between the equipment and adjacent combustible material, unless it is listed to be installed in direct contact with combustible material.
425.14 Infrared Lamp Industrial Heating Equipment. In industrial occupancies, infrared industrial process heating equipment lampholders shall be permitted to be operated in series on circuits of over 150 volts to ground, provided the volt- age rating of the lampholders is not less than the circuit volt- agc.
Each section, panel, or strip carrying a number of infrared lampholders, including the terminal wiring of such section, panel, or strip, shall be considered as infrared industrial heat- ing equipment. The terminal connection block of cach assem- bly shall be considered an individual outlet
Part III. Control and Protection of Fixed Industrial Process Heating Equipment
425.19 Disconnecting Means. Mcans shall be provided to simultaneously disconnect the heater, motor controller(s), and supplementary overcurrent protective device(s) of all fixed industrial process heating equipment from all ungrounded conductors. Where heating equipment is supplied by more than one source, feeder, or branch circuit, the disconnecting means shall be grouped and identified as having multiple disconnecting means. Each disconnecting means shall simulta- ncously disconnect all ungrounded conductors that it controls. The disconnecting means specified in 425.19(A) and (B) shall have an ampere rating not less than 125 percent of the total load of the motors and the heaters and shall be capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(A) Heating Equipment with Supplementary Overcurrent Protection. The disconnecting means for fixed industrial proc- css heating equipment with supplementary overcurrent protec- tion shall be within sight from the supplementary overcurrent protective device(s), on the supply side of these devices, if
fuses, and, in addition, shall comply with cither 425.19(A) (1) or (A) (2).
(1) Heater Containing No Motor Rated over 1/8 Horsepower. The disconnecting means specified in 425.19 or unit switches complying with 425.19(C) shall be permitted to serve as the required disconnecting means for both the motor controller(s) and heater under either of the following conditions:
(1) The disconnecting means provided is also within sight from the motor controller(s) and the heater.
(2) The disconnecting means is capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(2) Heater Containing a Motor(s) Rated over 1/8 Horsepower. The disconnecting means required by 425.19(A) (1) shall be permitted to serve as the required disconnecting means for both the motor controller(s) and heater under either of the following conditions:
(1) The disconnecting means is in sight from the motor controller(s) and the heater and complies with Part IX of Article 430.
(2) Motor(s) of more than 1/x hp and the heater are provided with disconnecting means. The disconnecting means shall be permitted to be out of sight from the motor controller and shall be capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(B) Heating Equipment Without Supplementary Overcurrent Protection.
(1) Without Motor or with Motor Not over 1/g Horsepower. For fixed industrial process heating equipment without a motor rated over 's hp, the branch-circuit switch or circuit breaker shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means where the switch or circuit breaker is within sight from the heater, shall be permitted to be out of sight from the motor controller, and shall be capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(2) Over 1/s Horsepower. For motor-driven fixed industrial process heating equipment with a motor rated over 1/5 hp, a disconnecting means shall be located within sight from the motor controller or shall be permitted to be out of sight from the motor controller and shall be capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(C) Unit Switch(es) as Disconnecting Means. A unit switch (cs) with a marked "off" position that is part of a fixed heater and disconnects all ungrounded conductors shall be permitted as the disconnecting means required by this article. The branch circuit switch or circuit breaker, where readily accessible for servicing of the fixed heater, shall be permitted as the other disconnecting means.
425.21 Switch and Circuit Breaker to Be Indicating. Switches and circuit breakers used as disconnecting means shall be of the indicating typc.
425.22 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Branch-Circuit Devices. Fixed industrial process heating equipment, other than motor-operated equipment required to have additional overcurrent protection by Parts III and IV of Article430 or Part III of Article440, shall be permitted to be protected against overcurrent where supplied by one of the branch circuits in Part II of Article 210.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-331
425.22
ARTICLE 425 - FIXED RESISTANCE AND ELECTRODE INDUSTRIAL PROCESS HEATING EQUIPMENT
(B) Resistance Elements. Resistance-type heating elements in fixed industrial process heating equipment shall be protected at not more than 60 amperes. Equipment rated more than 48 amperes and employing such elements shall have the heat- ing clements subdivided, and cach subdivided load shall not exceed 48 amperes.
Resistance-type heating elements in fixed industrial process heating equipment shall be permitted to be subdivided into circuits not exceeding 120 amperes and protected at not more than 150 amperes where one of the following is met:
(1) Elements are integral with and enclosed within a process heating surface.
(2) Elements are completely contained within an enclosure identified as suitable for this usc.
(3) Elements are contained within an ASME-rated and stamped vessel.
Where a subdivided load is less than 48 amperes, the rating of the supplementary overcurrent protective device shall comply with 425.4(B). A boiler employing resistance-type immersion heating clements contained in an ASME-rated and stamped vessel shall be permitted to comply with 425.72(A).
(C) Overcurrent Protective Devices. The supplementary over- current protective devices for the subdivided loads specified in 425.22(B) shall comply with the following:
(1) Be factory installed within or on the heater enclosure or supplied for use with the heater as a separate assembly by the heater manufacturer
(2) Be accessible but not be required to be readily accessible
(3) Be suitable for branch-circuit protection
Informational Note No. 1: See 240.10. Where cartridge fuses are used to provide this overcurrent protection, a single disconnect- ing means shall be permitted to be used for the several subdivi- ded loads.
Informational Note No. 2: See 240.10 for supplementary over- current protection.
Informational Note No. 3: See 240.40 for disconnecting means for cartridge fuses in circuits of any voltage.
(D) Supplying Supplementary Overcurrent Protective Devices. The conductors supplying the supplementary overcurrent protective devices shall be considered branch-circuit conduc- tors.
Where the heaters are rated 50 kW or more, the conductors supplying the supplementary overcurrent protective devices specified in 425.22(C) shall be permitted to be sized at not less than 100 percent of the nameplate rating of the heater, provi- ded all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The heater is marked with a minimum conductor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature-actuated device controls the cyclic opera- tion of the equipment.
(E) Conductors for Subdivided Loads. Field-wired conductors between the heater and the supplementary overcurrent protec- tive devices for fixed industrial process heating equipment shall be sized at not less than 125 percent of the load served. The supplementary overcurrent protective devices specified in 425.22(C) shall protect these conductors in accordance with 240.4. Where the heaters are rated 50 kW or more, the ampac- ity of field-wired conductors between the heater and the
supplementary overcurrent protective devices shall be permit- ted to be not less than 100 percent of the load of their respec- tive subdivided circuits, provided all of the following conditions arc met:
(1) The heater is marked with a minimum conductor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature-activated device controls the cyclic opera- tion of the equipment.
Part IV. Marking of Heating Equipment 425.28 Nameplate.
(A) Marking Required. Fixed industrial process heating equip- ment shall be provided with a nameplate identifying the manu- facturer and the rating in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
Fixed industrial process heating equipment intended for use on alternating current only, direct current only, or both shall be marked to so indicate. The marking of equipment consist- ing of motors over 1/x hp and other loads shall specify the rating of the motor in volts, amperes, and frequency and the heating load in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
(B) Location. This nameplate shall be located so as to be permanentand shall be visible or accessible after installation.
425.29 Marking of Heating Elements. All heating clements that are replaccable in the field and are part of industrial proc- css heating equipment shall be legibly marked with the ratings in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
425.45 Concealed Fixed Industrial Heating Equipment - Inspection. Concealed fixed industrial heating equipment installations shall be made with duc care to prevent damage to the heating equipment and shall be inspected and approved before heating equipment is covered or concealed.
Part V. Fixed Industrial Process Duct Heaters
425.57 General. Part V shall apply to any heater mounted in the airstream of a forced-air system where the air-moving unit is not provided as an integral part of the equipment.
425.58 Identification. Heaters installed in an air duct shall be identified as suitable for the installation.
425.59 Airflow. Mcans shall be provided to ensure uniform airflow over the face of the heater in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
Informational Note: Some heaters installed within 1.2 m (4 ft) of the outlet of an air-moving device, elbows, baffle plates, or other obstructions in ductwork use turning vanes, pressure plates, or other devices on the inlet side of the duct heater to ensure an even distribution of air over the face of the heater.
425.60 Elevated Inlet Temperature. Duct heaters intended for use with elevated inlet air temperature shall be identified as suitable for use at the elevated temperatures.
425.63 Fan Circuit Interlock. Mcans shall be provided to ensure that the fan circuit, where present, is energized when any heater circuit is energized. However, time- or temperature- controlled delay in energizing the fan motor shall be permit- ted.
70-332
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 425 - FIXED RESISTANCE AND ELECTRODE INDUSTRIAL PROCESS HEATING EQUIPMENT
425.82
425.64 Limit Controls. Each duct heater shall be provided with an integral, automatic-reset temperature-limiting control or controllers to de-energize the circuit or circuits. In addition, an integral independent supplementary control or controllers shall be provided in cach duct heater that disconnects a suffi- cient number of conductors to interrupt heating clement current flow. This device shall be manually resettable or replaccable.
425.65 Location of Disconnecting Means. Duct hcater control- ler equipment shall be either accessible with the disconnecting means installed at or within sight from the controller or as permitted by 425.19(A).
Part VI. Fixed Industrial Process Resistance-Type Boilers
425.70 Scope. The provisions in Part VI of this article shall apply to boilers employing resistance-type heating elements. Electrode-type boilers shall not be considered as employing resistance-type heating elements. Sec Part VII of this article.
425.71 Identification. Resistance-type boilers shall be identi- ficd as suitable for the installation.
425.72 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Boiler Employing Resistance-Type Immersion Heating Elements in an ASME-Rated and Stamped Vessel. A boiler employing resistance-type immersion heating clements contained in an ASME-rated and stamped vessel shall have the heating clements protected at not more than 150 amperes. Such a boiler rated more than 120 amperes shall have the heat- ing clements subdivided into loads not exceeding 120 amperes. Where a subdivided load is less than 120 amperes, the rating of the overcurrent protective device shall comply with 425.4(B).
(B) Boiler Employing Resistance-Type Heating Elements Rated More Than 48 Amperes and Not Contained in an ASME-Rated and Stamped Vessel. A boiler employing resistance-type heat- ing clements not contained in an ASME-rated and stamped vessel shall have the heating clements protected at not more than 60 amperes. Such a boiler rated more than 48 amperes shall have the heating clements subdivided into loads not exceeding 48 amperes. Where a subdivided load is less than 48 amperes, the rating of the overcurrent protective device shall comply with 425.4(B).
(C) Supplementary Overcurrent Protective Devices. The supplementary overcurrent protective devices for the subdivi- ded loads as required by 425.72(A) and (B) shall be as follows:
(1) Factory-installed within or on the boiler enclosure or provided as a separate assembly by the boiler manufac- turcr.
(2) Accessible, but need not be readily accessible.
(D) Suitable for Branch-Circuit Protection. Where cartridge fuses are used to provide this overcurrent protection, a single disconnecting means shall be permitted for the several subdivi- ded circuits. Sec 240.40.
(E) Conductors Supplying Supplementary Overcurrent Protec- tive Devices. The conductors supplying these supplementary overcurrent protective devices shall be considered branch- circuit conductors. Where the heaters are rated 50 kW or more, the conductors supplying the overcurrent protective device specified in 424.72(C) shall be permitted to be sized at not less
than 100 percent of the nameplate rating of the heater, provi- ded all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The heater is marked with a minimum conductor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature- or pressure-actuated device controls the cyclic operation of the equipment.
(F) Conductors for Subdivided Loads. Field-wired conductors between the heater and the supplementary overcurrent protec- tive devices shall be sized at not less than 125 percent of the load served. The supplementary overcurrent protective devices specified in 425.72(C) shall protect these conductors in accord- ance with 240.4. Where the heaters are rated 50 kW or more, the ampacity of field-wired conductors between the heater and the supplementary overcurrent protective devices shall be permitted to be not less than 100 percent of the load of their respective subdivided circuits, provided all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The heater is marked with a minimum conductor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature-activated device controls the cyclic opera- tion of the equipment.
425.73 Overtemperature Limit Control. Each boiler designed so that in normal operation there is no change in state of the heat transfer medium shall be equipped with a temperature- sensitive limiting means. It shall be installed to limit maximum liquid temperature and shall directly or indirectly disconnect all ungrounded conductors to the heating clements. Such means shall be in addition to a temperature-regulating system and other devices protecting the tank against excessive pres- surc.
425.74 Overpressure Limit Control. Each boiler designed so that in normal operation there is a change in state of the heat transfer medium from liquid to vapor shall be equipped with a pressure-sensitive limiting means. It shall be installed to limit maximum pressure and shall directly or indirectly disconnect all ungrounded conductors to the heating clements. Such means shall be in addition to a pressure-regulating system and other devices protecting the tank against excessive pressure.
Part VII. Fixed Industrial Process Electrode-Type Boilers
425.80 Scope. The provisions in Part VII of this article shall apply to boilers for operation at 600 volts, nominal, or less, in which heat is generated by the passage of current between elec- trodes through the liquid being heated.
425.81 Identification. Electrode-type boilers shall be identified as suitable for the installation.
425.82 Branch-Circuit Requirements. The size of branch- circuit conductors and overcurrent protective devices shall be calculated on the basis of 125 percent of the total load (motors not included). A contactor, relay, or other device, listed for continuous operation at 100 percent of its rating, shall be permitted to supply its full-rated load. Scc 210.19(A) (1), Exception No. 1. This section shall not apply to conductors that form an integral part of an approved boiler.
Where an electrode boiler is rated 50 kW or more, the conductors supplying the boiler electrode (s) shall be permitted to be sized at not less than 100 percent of the nameplate rating
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-333
425.83
ARTICLE 426 - FIXED OUTDOOR ELECTRIC DEICING AND SNOW-MELTING EQUIPMENT
of the electrode boiler, provided all the following conditions arc met:
(1) The electrode boiler is marked with a minimum conduc- tor sizc.
(2) The conductors are not smaller than the marked mini- mum sizc.
(3) A temperature- or pressure-actuated switch controls the cyclic operation of the equipment.
425.83 Overtemperature Limit Control. Each boiler, designed so that in normal operation there is no change in state of the heat transfer medium, shall be equipped with a temperature- sensitive limiting means. It shall be installed to limit maximum liquid temperature and shall directly or indirectly interrupt all current flow through the electrodes. Such means shall be in addition to the temperature regulating system and other devi- ces protecting the tank against excessive pressure.
425.84 Overpressure Limit Control. Each boiler, designed so that in normal operation there is a change in state of the heat transfer medium from liquid to vapor, shall be equipped with a pressure-sensitive limiting means. It shall be installed to limit maximum pressure and shall directly or indirectly interrupt all current flow through the electrodes. Such means shall be in addition to a pressure-regulating system and other devices protecting the tank against excessive pressure.
425.85 Grounding. Boilers designed such that fault currents do not pass through the pressure vessel, and the pressure vessel is electrically isolated from the electrodes, all exposed non- current-carrying metal parts, including the pressure vessel, supply, and return connecting piping, shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor. For all other designs, the pressure vessel containing the electrodes shall be isolated and electrically insulated from ground.
425.86 Markings. All electrode-type boilers shall be marked to show the following:
(1) The manufacturer's name.
(2) The rating in volts, amperes, and kilowatts.
(3) The electrical supply required specifying frequency, number of phases, and number of wires.
(4) The marking "Electrode-Type Process Heating Boiler."
(5) A warning marking, "All Power Supplies Shall Be Discon- nected Before Servicing, Including Servicing the Pressure Vessel."
A field-applied warning marking or label shall comply with 110.21(B). The markings shall be permanent and located so as to be visible after installation.
ARTICLE 426 Fixed Outdoor Electric Deicing and Snow- Melting Equipment
Part I. General
426.1 Scope. This article covers fixed outdoor electric deicing and snow-melting equipment and the installation of these systems.
70-334
(A) Embedded. Embedded in driveways, walks, steps, and other arcas.
(B) Exposed. Exposed on drainage systems, bridge structures, roofs, and other structures.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE 515.1-2012, Standard for the Testing, Design, Installation and Maintenance of Electrical Resistance Trare Heating for Commercial Applications, for further infonnation. See IEEE 844/CSA 293 series of standards for fixed outdoor electric deicing and snow-melting equipment.
426.3 Other Articles. Cord-and-plug-connected fixed outdoor electric deicing and snow-melting equipment shall additionally comply with Table 426.3.
426.4 Continuous Load. Fixed outdoor electric deicing and snow-melting equipment shall be considered a continuous load.
Part II. Installation
426.10 General. Equipment for outdoor electric deicing and snow melting shall be identified as suitable for the environ- ment and installed in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
426.11 Use. Electric heating equipment shall be installed in such a manner as to be afforded protection from physical damage,
426.12 Thermal Protection. External surfaces of outdoor elec- tric deicing and snow-melting equipment that operate at temperatures exceeding 60° (140°F) shall be physically guar- ded, isolated, or thermally insulated to protect against contact by personnel in the area.
426.13 Identification. The presence of outdoor electric deic- ing and snow-melting equipment shall be evident by the post- ing of appropriate caution signs or markings where clearly visible.
Part III. Resistance Heating Elements
426.20 Embedded Deicing and Snow-Melting Equipment.
(A) Watt Density. Panels or units shall not exceed 1300 watts/m2 (120 watts/ft2) of heated arca.
(B) Spacing. The spacing between adjacent cable runs is dependent upon the rating of the cable and shall be not less than 25 mm (1 in.) on centers.
(C) Cover. Units, panels, or cables shall be installed as follows:
(1) On a substantial concrete, masonry, or asphalt base at Icast 50 mm (2 in.) thick and have at Icast 38 mm (11/g in.) of concrete, masonry, or asphalt applied over the units, panels, or cables; or
(2) They shall be permitted to be installed over other identi- ficd bases and embedded within 90 mm (31/2 in.) of
Table 426.3 Other Articles
Equipment
Article
Appliances
422 (Parts I, II, III, IV, V)
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
426.33
ARTICLE 426 -FIXED OUTDOOR ELECTRIC DEICING AND SNOW-MELTING EQUIPMENT
concrete, masonry, or asphalt but not less than 38 mm (11/ in.) from the top surface; or
(3) Equipment that has been listed for other forms of instal- lation shall be installed only in the manner for which it has been identified.
(D) Secured. Cables, units, and panels shall be secured in place by frames or spreaders or other approved means while the concrete, masonry, or asphalt finish is applied.
(E) Expansion and Contraction. Cables, units, and panels shall not be installed where they bridge expansion joints unless provision is made for expansion and contraction.
426.21 Exposed Deicing and Snow-Melting Equipment.
(A) Secured. Heating clement assemblies shall be secured to the surface being heated by identified means.
(B) Overtemperature. Where the heating clement is not in direct contact with the surface being heated, the design of the heater assembly shall be such that its temperature limitations shall not be exceeded.
(C) Expansion and Contraction. Heating clements and assem- blics shall not be installed where they bridge expansion joints unless provision is made for expansion and contraction.
(D) Flexural Capability. Where installed on flexible structures, the heating elements and assembliesshall have a flexural capa- bility that is compatible with the structure.
426.22 Installation of Nonheating Leads for Embedded Equip- ment.
(A) Grounding Sheath or Braid. Except as permitted under 426.22(B), nonhcating leads installed in concrete, masonry, or asphalt shall be provided with a grounding sheath or braid in accordance with 426.27 or shall be enclosed in rigid metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, intermediate metal conduit, or other metal raceways.
(B) Splice Connections. The splice connection between the nonhcating lead and heating clement, within concrete, masonry, or asphalt, shall be located no less than 25 mm (I in.) and no more than 150 mm (6 in.) from the metal raceway. The length of the nonheating Icad from the metal raceway to the splice assembly shall be permitted to be provided without a grounding shcath or braid. Grounding continuity shall be maintaincd.
(C) Bushings. Insulating bushings shall be used in the concrete, masonry, or asphalt where the leads enter a metal raceway.
(D) Expansion and Contraction. Leads shall be protected in expansion joints in accordance with 300.4(H) or installed in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
(E) Emerging from Grade. Exposed nonhcating leads shall be protected by raceways or other identified means.
(F) Leads in Junction Boxes. Not less than 150 mm (6 in.) of free nonheating lead shall be within the junction box.
426.23 Installation of Nonheating Leads for Exposed Equip- ment.
(A) Nonheating Leads. Power supply nonhcating Icads (cold Icad.s) for resistance clements shall be identified for the temperature encountered. Not less than 150 mm (6 in.) of
nonheating leads shall be provided within the junction box. Preassembled factory-supplied and field-assembled nonheating leads on approved heaters shall be permitted to be shortened if the markings specified in 426.25 arc retained.
(B) Protection. Nonhcating power supply leads shall be enclosed in a rigid conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electri- cal metallic tubing, or other approved means.
426.24 Electrical Connection.
(A) Heating Element Connections. Electrical connections, other than factory connections of heating elements to nonhcat- ing clements embedded in concrete, masonry, or asphalt or on exposed surfaces, shall be made with insulated connectors identified for the use.
(B) Circuit Connections. Splices and terminations at the end of the nonheating leads, other than the heating clement end, shall be installed in a box or fitting in accordance with 110.14 and 300.15.
426.25 Marking. Each factory-assembled heating unit shall be legibly marked within 75 mm (3 in.) of cach end of the nonhcating leads with the permanent identification symbol, catalog number, and ratings in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
426.26 Corrosion Protection. Ferrous and nonferrous metal raceways, cable armor, cable sheaths, boxes, fittings, supports, and support hardware shall be permitted to be installed in concrete or in direct contact with the carth, or in arcas subject to severe corrosive influences, where made of material suitable for the condition, or where provided with corrosion protection identified as suitable for the condition.
426.27 Grounding Braid or Sheath. Grounding means, such as copper braid, metal sheath, or other approved means, shall be provided as part of the heated section of the cable, panel, or unit.
426.28 Ground-Fault Protection. Ground-fault protection shall be provided for fixed outdoor electric deicing and snow- melting equipment. The trip level of ground-fault protection shall be as specified by the manufacturer.
Part IV. Impedance Heating
426.30 Personnel Protection. Exposed elements of impedance heating systems shall be physically guarded, isolated, or ther- mally insulated with a weatherproof jacket to protect against contact by personnel in the arca.
426.31 Isolation Transformer. An isolation transformer with a grounded shield between the primary and secondary windings shall be used to isolate the distribution system from the heating system.
426.32 Voltage Limitations. The secondary winding of the isolation transformer connected to the impedance heating clements shall not have an output voltage greater than 30 volts ac.
426.33 Induced Currents. All current-carrying components shall be installed in accordance with 300.20.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-335
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
426.40
ARTICLE 427 - FIXED ELECTRIC HEATING EQUIPMENT FOR PIPELINES AND VESSELS
Part V. Skin-Effect Heating
426.40 Conductor Ampacity. The current through the electri- cally insulated conductor inside the ferromagnetic envelope shall be permitted to exceed the ampacity values shown in Table 310.16, provided it is identified as suitable for this usc.
426.41 Pull Boxes. Where pull boxes are used, they shall be accessible without excavation by location in suitable vaults or above grade. Outdoor pull boxes shall be of watertight construction.
426.42 Single Conductor in Enclosure. The provisions of 300.20 shall not apply to the installation of a single conductor in a ferromagnetic envelope (metal enclosure).
426.43 Corrosion Protection. Ferromagnetic envelopes, ferrous or nonferrous metal raceways, boxes, fittings, supports, and support hardware shall be permitted to be installed in concrete or in direct contact with the carth, or in arcas subjec- ted to severe corrosive influences, where made of material suit- able for the condition, or where provided with corrosion protection identified as suitable for the condition. Corrosion protection shall maintain the original wall thickness of the ferromagnetic envelope.
426.44 Equipment Grounding Conductor. The ferromagnetic envelope shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor at both ends; and, in addition, it shall be permitted to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor at intermediate points as required by its design.
Section 250.30 shall not apply to the installation of skin- effect heating systems.
Part VI. Control and Protection
426.50 Disconnecting Means.
(A) Disconnection. All fixed outdoor deicing and snow- melting equipment shall be provided with a means for simulta- ncous disconnection from all ungrounded conductors. Where readily accessible to the user of the equipment, the branch- circuit switch or circuit breaker shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means. The disconnecting means shall be of the indicating type and be capable of being locked in the open (off) position.
(B) Cord-and-Plug-Connected £ Equipment. The factory- installed attachment plug of cord-and-plug-connected equip- ment rated 20 amperes or less and 150 volts or less to ground shall be permitted to be the disconnecting means.
426.51 Controllers.
(A) Temperature Controller with "Off"' Position. Temperature-controlled switching devices that indicate an "off" position and that interrupt line current shall open all ungroun- ded conductors when the control device is in the "off" position. These devices shall not be permitted to serve as the disconnect- ing means unless they are capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25.
(B) Temperature Controller Without "Off" Position. Temper- ature controlled switching devices that do not have an "off" position shall not be required to open all ungrounded conduc- tors and shall not be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means.
70-336
(C) Remote Temperature Controller. Remote controlled temperature-actuated devices shall not be required to meet the requirements of 426.51 (A). These devices shall not be permit- ted to serve as the disconnecting means.
(D) Combined Switching Devices. Switching devices consisting of combined temperature-actuated devices and manually controlled switches that serve both as the controller and the disconnecting means shall comply with all of the following conditions:
(1) Open all ungrounded conductors when manually placed in the "off" position
(2) Be so designed that the circuit cannot be energized auto- matically if the device has been manually placed in the "off" position
(3) Be capable of being locked in the open position in compliance with 110.25
426.54 Cord-and-Plug-Connected Deicing and Snow-Melting Equipment. Cord-and-plug-connected deicing and snow- melting equipment shall be listed.
ARTICLE 427 Fixed Electric Heating Equipment for Pipelines and Vessels
Part I. General
427.1 Scope. This article covers electrically energized heating systems and the installation of these systems used with pipelines and vessels.
Informational Note: See IEEE 515-2017, Standard for the Testing, Design, Installation and Maintenance of Electrical Resistance Trace Heating for Industrial Applications, for further information.
Also see applicable sections of the IEEE 844/CSA 293 series of standards for alternate technologies for fixed electric heating equipment for pipelines and vessels.
427.3 Other Articles. Cord-connected pipe heating assemblies shall additionally comply with Table 427.3.
427.4 Continuous Load. Fixed electric heating equipment for pipelines and vessels shall be considered continuous load.
Part II. Installation
427.10 General. Equipment for pipeline and vessel electric heating shall be identified as being suitable for (1) the chemi- cal, thermal, and physical environment and (2) installation in accordance with the manufacturer's drawings and instructions.
427.11 Use. Electric heating equipment shall be installed in such a manner as to be afforded protection from physical damage.
Table 427.3 Other Articles
Equipment
Article
Appliances
422 (Parts I, II, III, IV, V)
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
427.27
ARTICLE 427 - FIXED ELECTRIC HEATING EQUIPMENT FOR PIPELINES AND VESSELS
427.12 Thermal Protection. External surfaces of pipeline and vessel heating equipment that operate at temperatures exceed- ing 60° (140°F) shall be physically guarded, isolated, or ther- mally insulated to protect against contact by personnel in the arca.
427.13 Identification. The presence of electrically heated pipelines, vessels, or both, shall be evident by the posting of appropriate caution signs or markings at intervals not exceed- ing 6 m (20 ft) along the pipeline or vessel and on or adjacent to equipment in the piping system that requires periodic servic- ing.
Part III. Resistance Heating Elements
427.14 Secured. Heating clement assemblies shall be secured to the surface being heated by means other than the thermal insulation.
427.15 Not in Direct Contact. Where the heating clement is not in direct contact with the pipeline or vessel being heated, means shall be provided to prevent overtemperature of the heating clement unless the design of the heating assembly is such that its temperature limitations will not be exceeded.
427.16 Expansion and Contraction. Heating clements and assemblies shall not be installed where they bridge expansion joints unless provisions are made for expansion and contrac- tion.
427.17 Flexural Capability. Where installed on flexible pipe- lines, the heating clements and assembliesshall have a flexural capability that is compatible with the pipeline.
427.18 Power Supply Leads.
(A) Nonheating Leads. Power supply nonhcating Icads (cold Icads) for resistance elements shall be suitable for the tempera- ture encountered. Not less than 150 mm (6 in.) of nonheating leads shall be provided within the junction box. Preassembled factory-supplied and field-assembled nonheating leads on approved heaters shall be permitted to be shortened if the markings specified in 427.20 arc retained.
(B) Power Supply Leads Protection. Nonhcating power supply leads shall be protected where they emerge from electrically heated pipeline or vessel heating units by rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, or other raceways identified as suitable for the application.
(C) Interconnecting Leads. Interconnecting nonhcating leads connecting portions of the heating system shall be permitted to be covered by thermal insulation in the same manner as the heaters.
427.19 Electrical Connections.
(A) Nonheating Interconnections. Nonhcating interconnec- tions, where required under thermal insulation, shall be made with insulated connectors identified as suitable for this usc.
(B) Circuit Connections. Splices and terminations outside the thermal insulation shall be installed in a box or fitting in accordance with 110.14 and 300.15.
427.20 Marking. Each factory-assembled heating unit shall be legibly marked within 75 mm (3 in.) of the termination end of all nonheating leads with the permanent identification symbol,
catalog number, and ratings in volts and watts or in volts and amperes.
427.22 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment. Ground-fault protection of equipment shall be provided for electric heat tracing and heating panels. This requirement shall not apply in industrial establishments where there is alarm indication of ground faults and the following conditions apply:
(1) Conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installed systems.
(2) Continued circuit operation is necessary for safe opera- tion of equipment or processes.
427.23 Grounded Conductive Covering. Electric heating equipment shall be listed and have a grounded conductive covering in accordance with 427.23(A) or (B). The conductive covering shall provide an effective ground-fault current path for operation of ground-fault protection equipment.
(A) Heating Wires or Cables. Heating wires or cables shall have a grounded conductive covering that surrounds the heat- ing clement and bus wires, if any, and their electrical insula- tion.
(B) Heating Panels. Heating panels shall have a grounded conductive covering over the heating clement and its electrical insulation on the side opposite the side attached to the surface to be heated.
Part IV. Impedance Heating
427.25 Personnel Protection. All accessible external surfaces of the pipeline, vessel, or both, being heated shall be physically guarded, isolated, or thermally insulated (with a weatherproof jacket for outside installations) to protect against contact by personnel in the arca.
427.26 Isolation Transformer. A dual-winding transformer with a grounded shield between the primary and secondary windings shall be used to isolate the distribution system from the heating system.
427.27 Voltage Limitations. The secondary winding of the isolation transformer connected to the pipeline or vessel being hcated shall not have an output voltage greater than 30 volts ac.
Exception No. 1: In industrial establishments, the isolation transformer connected to the pipeline or vessel being heated shall be permitted to have an output voltage greater than 30 but not more than 80 volts ac to ground where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Conditions of guarding, maintenance, and supervision ensure that only qualified persons have access to the installed systems.
(2) Ground-fault protection of equipment is provided.
Exception No. 2: In industrial establishments, the isolation transformer connected to the pipeline or vessel being heated shall be permitted to have an output voltage not greater than 132 volts ac to ground where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Conditions of guarding, maintenance, and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installed systems.
(2) Ground-fault protection of equipment is provided.
(3) The pipeline or vessel being heated is completely enclosed in a grounded metal enclosure.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-337
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
427.28
ARTICLE 430 -MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
(4) The transformer secondary connections to the pipeline or vessel being heated are completely enclosed in a grounded metal mesh or metal enclosure.
427.28 Induced Currents. All current-carrying components shall be installed in accordance with 300.20.
427.29 Grounding. The pipeline, vessel, or both, that is being heated and operating at a voltage greater than 30 but not more than 80 shall be grounded at designated points.
427.30 Secondary Conductor Sizing. The ampacity of the conductors connected to the secondary of the transformer shall be at least 100 percent of the total load of the heater.
Part V. Induction Heating
427.36 Personnel Protection. Induction coils that operate or may operate at a voltage greater than 30 volts ac shall bc enclosed in a nonmetallic or split metallic enclosure, isolated, or made inaccessible by location to protect personnel in the arca.
427.37 Induced Current. Induction coils shall be prevented from inducing circulating currents in surrounding metallic equipment, supports, or structures by shielding, isolation, or insulation of the current paths. Stray current paths shall be bonded to prevent arcing.
Part VI. Skin-Effect Heating
427.45 Conductor Ampacity. The ampacity of the electrically insulated conductor inside the ferromagnetic envelope shall be permitted to exceed the values given in Table 310.16, provided it is identified as suitable for this usc.
427.46 Pull Boxes. Pull boxes for pulling the electrically insu- lated conductor in the ferromagnetic envelope shall be permit- ted to be buried under the thermal insulation, provided their locations are indicated by permanent markings on the insula- tion jacket surface and on drawings. For outdoor installations, pull boxes shall be of watertight construction.
427.47 Single Conductor in Enclosure. The provisions of 300.20 shall not apply to the installation of a single conductor in a ferromagnetic envelope (metal enclosure).
427.48 Grounding. The ferromagnetic envelope shall be grounded at both ends, and, in addition, it shall be permitted to be grounded at intermediate points as required by its design. The ferromagnetic envelope shall be bonded at all joints to ensure electrical continuity.
The provisions of 250.30 shall not apply to the installation of skin-effect heating systems.
Part VII. Control and Protection
427.55 Disconnecting Means.
(A) Switch or Circuit Breaker. Mcans shall be provided to simultaneously disconnect all fixed electric pipeline or vessel heating equipment from all ungrounded conductors. The branch-circuit switch or circuit breaker, where readily accessi- ble to the user of the equipment, shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means. The disconnecting means shall be of
the indicating type and shall be capable of being locked in the open (off) position. The disconnecting means shall be installed in accordance with 110.25.
(B) Cord-and-Plug-Connected Equipment. The factory- installed attachment plug of cord-and-plug-connected equip- ment rated 20 amperes or less and 150 volts or less to ground shall be permitted to be the disconnecting means.
427.56 Controls.
(A) Temperature Control with "Off' Position. Temperature- controlled switching devices that indicate an "off" position and that interrupt line current shall open all ungrounded conduc- tors when the control device is in this "off" position. These devices shall not be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means unless capable of being locked in the open position.
(B) Temperature Control Without "Off" Position. Tempera- turc controlled switching devices that do not have an "off" posi- tion shall not be required to open all ungrounded conductors and shall not be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means.
(C) Remote Temperature . Controller. Remote controlled temperature-actuated devices shall not be required to meet the requirements of 427.56(A) and (B). These devices shall not be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means.
(D) Combined Switching Devices. Switching devices consisting of combined temperature-actuated devices and manually controlled switches that serve both as the controllers and the disconnecting means shall comply with all the following condi- tions:
(1). Open all ungrounded conductors when manually placed in the "off" position
(2) Be designed so that the circuit cannot be energized auto- matically if the device has been manually placed in the "off" position
(3) Be capable of being locked in the open position
427.57 Overcurrent Protection. Heating equipment shall be considered protected against overcurrent where supplied by a branch circuit as specified in 210.20 and 210.24.
ARTICLE 430 Motors, Motor Circuits, and Controllers
Part I. General
430.1 Scope. This article covers motors, motor branch-circuit and feeder conductors and their protection, motor overload protection, motor control circuits, motor controllers, and motor control centers.
Informational Note No. 1: See Informational Note Figure 430.1 for the arrangement of this article.
Informational Note No. 2: See 110.26(E) for installation requirements for motor control centers.
Informational Note No. 3: See 440.1 for air-conditioning and refrigerating equipment.
Informational Note No. 4: See Part X for additional require- ments for motors utilizing adjustable-speed drive systems.
70-338
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.6
Informational Note No. 5: See Part XI for additional require- ments for motors that operate over 1000 volts, nominal.
430.2 Reconditioned Motors. Reconditioned motors shall be permitted if the reconditioning has been conducted in accord- ance with the manufacturer's instructions or, if no instructions are provided, nationally recognized standards.
Reconditioned motors identified for use in hazardous (clas- sificd) locations shall be listed as reconditioned if installed in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note: See ANSI/EASA AR100-2020, Recommended Practice for the Repair of Rotating Electrical Apparatus, for informa- tion on the rewinding and repair of motors.
430.4 Part-Winding Motors. Where separate overload devices are used with a standard part-winding start induction motor, cach half of the motor winding shall be individually protected in accordance with 430.32 and 430.37 with a trip current one- half that specificd.
General, 430.1 through 430.18 Motor Circuit Conductors, 430.21 through 430.29
Part I Part II
Motor and Branch-Circuit Overload Protection, 430.31 through 430.44
Part III
Motor Branch-Circuit Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protection, 430.51 through 430.58
Part IV
Motor Feeder Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protection, 430.61 through 430.63
Part V
Motor Control Circuits, 430.71 through 430.75 Motor Controllers, 430.81 through 430.90 Motor Control Centers, 430.92 through 430.99 Disconnecting Means, 430.101 through 430.113
Part VII
Part VIII
Part IX
Adjustable-Speed Drive Systems, 430.120 through 430.131 Over 1000 Volts, Nominal, 430.201 through 430.208 Protection of Live Parts - All Voltages, 430.231 through 430.233
Part X Part XI
Grounding - All Voltages, 430.241 through 430.245 Tables, Tables 430.247 through 430.251(B)
Part XIII
To Supply
Motor feeder overcurrent protection
Part V
Motor feeder conductors
Part !!
Motor controller disconnecting means
Part-IX
Motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection
Part IV
Motor control circuits
Part VI
Motor controller
T
Part VII
Motor overload protection
Part III
Motor branch-circuit conductors
Part II
Local motor disconnecting means
Part IX
Motor
Part I
Motor thermal protection
Part III
Grounding
Part XIII
Secondary controller Secondary conductors
Part II
Secondary resistor
Part II Article 470
Informational Note Figure 430.1 Article 430 Contents.
Each motor-winding connection shall have branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection rated at not more than one-half that specified by 430.52.
Exception: A short-circuit and ground-fault protective device shall be permitted for both windings if the device will allow the motor to start. Where time-delay (dual-element) fuses are used, they shall be permitted to have a rating not exceeding 150 percent of the motor full-load current.
430.5 Other Articles. Motors and controllers shall also comply with the applicable provisions of Table 430.5.
430.6 Conductor Ampacity and Motor Rating Determination. The size of conductors supplying equipment covered by this article shall be selected from the ampacity tables in 310.15 or shall be calculated in accordance with 310.14(B). Where flexi- ble cord is used, the size of the conductor shall be selected in accordance with 400.5. The required conductor ampacity and motor ratings shall be determined in accordance with 430.6(A), (B), (C), and (D).
(A) General Motor Applications. For general motor applica- tions, current ratings shall be determined based on 430.6(A) (1) and (A)(2).
Table 430.5 Other Articles
Equipment/Occupancy
Article
Section
Air-conditioning and refrigerating equipment Capacitors
440
460.8, 460.9
Commercial garages; aircraft hangars; motor fuel
511, 513, 514, 515, 516, and
dispensing facilities; bulk
517 Part IV
storage plants; spray application, dipping, and coating processes; and
inhalation anesthetizing locations
Cranes and hoists 610
Electrically driven or 675
controlled irrigation machines
620
Elevators, dumbwaiters, escalators, moving walks, wheelchair lifts, and stairway chair lifts
Fire pumps
695
Hazardous (classified) locations and 506
500-503, 505,
Industrial machinery
670
Motion picture projectors
540.11 and 540.20
Motion picture and television studios and similar locations
530
Resistors and reactors 470
Theaters, audience areas of motion picture and
520.48
television studios, and similar locations
Transforiners and transforiner vaults
450
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-339
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Part VI
Part XII
Part XIV
430.6
ARTICLE 430 -MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
(1) Table Values. Other than for motors built for low speeds (less than 1200 RPM) or high torques, and for multispeed motors, the values given in Table 430.247, Table 430.248, Table 430.249, and Table 430.250 shall be used instead of the actual current rating marked on the motor nameplate to determine the following:
(1) Ampacity of conductors
(2) Current ratings of switches
(3) Current ratings of branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection
Where a motor is marked in amperes, but not horsepower, the horsepower rating shall be assumed to be that correspond- ing to the value given in Table 430.247, Table 430.248, Table 430.249, and Table 430.250, interpolated if necessary.
Exception No. 1: Multispeed motors shall be in accordance with 430.22(B) and 430.52.
Exception No. 2: For equipment that employs a shaded-pole or permanent-split capacitor-type fan or blower motor that is marked with the motor typeand the marking on the equipment nameplate is not less than the current marked on the fan or blower motor nameplate, the full- load current marked on the nameplate of the appliance shall be used to determine the ampacity of branch-circuit conductorsin addition to the current ratings of the following:
(1) Disconnecting means
(2) Motor controllers
(3) Short-circuit and ground-fault protective devices
(4) Separate overload protective devices
Exception No. 3: For a listed motor-operated appliance that is marked with both motor horsepower and full-load current, the motor full-load current marked on the nameplate of the appliance shall be used instead of the horsepower rating on the appliance nameplate to determine the ampacity of branch-circuit conductorsin addition to the current ratings of the following:
(1) Disconnecting means
(2) Motor controllers
(3) Short-circuit and ground-fault protective devices
(4) Separate overload protective devices
(2) Nameplate Values. The motor nameplate current ratings shall be used to determine the values for the following:
(1) Separate motor overload protection
(2) For motors built for low speeds (less than 1200 RPM), high torques, canned pumps, or multispeed motors, the following:
a. Ampacity of conductors
b. Current ratings of switches
c. Current ratings of branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection
(3) Large motors exceeding the values in Part XIV shall use the nameplate current rating for conductor sizing.
(B) Torque Motors. For torque motors, the rated current shall be locked-rotor current, and this nameplate current shall be used to determine the ampacity of the branch-circuit conduc- tors covered in 430.22 and 430.24, the current rating of the motor overload protection, and the current rating of motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection in accordance with 430.52(B).
Informational Note: See 430.83(D) and 430.110 for information on motor controllers and disconnecting means.
(C) Alternating-Current Adjustable Voltage Motors. For motors used in alternating-current, adjustable voltage, variable torque drive systems, the ampacity of conductors, or current ratings of switches, branch-circuit short-circuit and ground- fault protection, and so forth, shall be based on the maximum operating current marked on the motor nameplate or the control nameplate, or both. If the maximum operating current does not appear on the nameplate, the current rating determi- nation shall be based on 150 percent of the values given in Table 430.249 and Table 430.250.
(D) Valve Actuator Motor Assemblies. For valve actuator motor assemblies (VAMs), the rated current shall be the name- plate full-load current, and this current shall be used to deter- mine the maximum rating or setting of the motor branch- circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device and the ampacity of the conductors.
430.7 Marking on Motors and Multimotor Equipment.
(A) Usual Motor Applications. A motor shall be marked with the following information:
(1) Manufacturer's name.
(2) Rated volts and full-load current. For a multispeed motor, full-load current for cach speed, except shaded- pole and permanent-split capacitor motors where amperes are required only for maximum speed.
(3) Rated frequency and number of phases if an ac motor.
(4) Rated full-load speed.
(5) Rated temperature rise or the insulation system class and rated ambient temperature.
(6) Time rating. The time rating shall be 5, 15, 30, or 60 minutes, or continuous.
(7) Rated horsepower if 's hp or more. For a multispeed motor rated 1/s hp or more, rated horsepower for cach speed, except shaded-pole and permanent-split capaci- tor motors rated 's hp or more where rated horsepower is required only for maximum speed. Motors of arc weld- ers are not required to be marked with the horsepower rating.
(8) Code letter or locked-rotor amperes if an alternating- current motor rated 1/2 hp or more. On polyphase wound-rotor motors, the code letter shall be omitted.
Informational Note No. 1: See 430.7(B).
(9) Design letter for design A, B, C, or D motors.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/NEMA MG 1-2016, Motors and Generators, Part 1, Definitions, for information on motor design letter definition.
(10) Secondary volts and full-load current if a wound-rotor induction motor.
(11) Field current and voltage for de excited synchronous motors.
(12) Winding - straight shunt, stabilized shunt, compound, or series, if a dc motor. Fractional horsepower dc motors 175 mm (7 in.) or less in diameter shall not be required to be marked.
(13) A motor provided with a thermal protector complying with 430.32(A) (2) or (B) (2) shall be marked "thermally protected." Thermally protected motors rated 100 watts or less and complying with 430.32(B) (2) shall be permit- ted to use the abbreviated marking "T.P."
(14) A motor complying with 430.32(B) (4) shall be marked "impedance protected." Impedance-protected motors
70-340
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.8
rated 100 watts or less and complying with 430.32(B) (4) shall be permitted to use the abbreviated marking "Z.P."
(15) Motors cquipped with electrically powered condensation prevention heaters shall be marked with the rated heater voltage, number of phases, and the rated power in watts.
(16) Motors that are electronically protected from overloads in accordance with 430.32(A) (2) and (B) (2) shall bc marked "electronically protected" or "E.P."
(B) Locked-Rotor Indicating Code Letters. Code letters marked on motor nameplates to show motor input with locked rotor shall be in accordance with Table 430.7(B).
The code letter indicating motor input with locked rotor shall be in an individual block on the nameplate, properly designated.
(1) Multispeed Motors. Multispeed motors shall be marked with the code letter designating the locked-rotor kilovolt- ampere (kVA) per horsepower (hp) for the highest speed at which the motor can be started.
Exception: Constant horsepower multispeed motors shall be marked with the code letter giving the highest locked-rotor kilovolt-ampere (kVA) per horsepower (hp).
(2) Single-Speed Motors. Single-speed motors starting on wyc connection and running on delta connections shall be marked with a code letter corresponding to the locked-rotor kilovolt- ampere (kVA) per horsepower (hp) for the wye connection.
(3) Dual-Voltage Motors. Dual-voltage motors that have a different locked-rotor kilovolt-ampere (kVA) per horsepower (hp) on the two voltages shall be marked with the code letter for the voltage giving the highest locked-rotor kilovolt-ampere (kVA) per horsepower (hp).
(4) 50/60 Hz Motors. Motors with 50- and 60-Hz ratings'shall be marked with a code letter designating the locked-rotor kilovolt-ampere (kVA) per horsepower (hp) on 60 Hz.
Table 430.7(B) Locked-Rotor Indicating Code Letters
Code Letter
Kilovolt-Amperes per Horsepower with Locked Rotor
A
0-3.14
B
3.15-3.54
C
3.55-3.99
D
4.0-4.49
E
4.5-4.99
F
5.0-5.59
G
5.6-6.29
H
6.3-7.09
7.1-7.99
K
8.0-8.99
L
9.0-9.99
M
10.0-11.19
1220 R S
11.2-12.49
12.5-13.99
14.0-15.99
16.0-17.99
T
18.0-19.99
20.0-22.39
22.4 and up
(5) Part-Widing Motors. Part-winding start motors shall bc marked with a code letter designating the locked-rotor kilovolt- ampere (kVA) per horsepower (hp) that is based on the locked-rotor current for the full winding of the motor.
(C) Torque Motors. Torque motors are rated for operation at standstill and shall be marked in accordance with 430.7(A), except that locked-rotor torque shall replace horsepower.
(D) Multimotor and Combination-Load Equipment.
(1) Factory-Wired. Multimotor and combination-load cquip- ment shall be provided with a visible nameplate marked with the manufacturer's name, the rating in volts, frequency, number of phases, minimum supply circuit conductor ampac- ity, and the maximum ampere rating of the circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device. The conductor ampacity shall be calculated in accordance with 430.24 and counting all of the motors and other loads that will be operated at the same timc. The short-circuit and ground-fault protective device rating shall not exceed the value calculated in accordance with 430.53. Multimotor equipment for use on two or more circuits shall be marked with the preceding information for cach circuit.
(2) Not Factory-Wired. Where the equipment is not factory- wired and the individual nameplates of motors and other loads arc visible after assembly of the equipment, the individual nameplates shall be permitted to serve as the required mark- ing.
430.8 Marking on Motor Controllers. A motor controller shall be marked with the manufacturer's name or identification, the voltage, the current or horsepower rating, the short-circuit current rating, and other necessary data to properly indicate the applications for which it is suitable.
Exception No. 1: The short-circuit current rating is not required for motor controllers applied in accordance with 430.81(A) or (B).
Exception No. 2: The short-circuit current rating is not required to be marked on the motor controller when the short-circuit current rating of the motor controller is marked elsewhere on the assembly.
Exception No. 3: The short-circuit current rating is not required to be marked on the motor controller when the assembly into which it is installed has a marked short-circuit current rating.
Exception No. 4: Short-circuit current ratings are not required for motor controllers rated less than 2 hp at 300 V or less and listed exclusively for general-purpose branch circuits.
A motor controller that includes motor overload protection suitable for group motor application shall be marked with the motor overload protection and the maximum branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection for such applications.
Combination motor controllers that employ adjustable instantancous trip circuit breakers shall be clearly marked to indicate the ampere settings of the adjustable trip clement.
Where a motor controller is built in as an integral part of a motor or of a motor-generator set, individual marking of the motor controller shall not be required if the necessary data arc on the nameplate. For motor controllers that are an integral part of equipment approved as a unit, the above marking shall be permitted on the equipment nameplate.
Informational Note: See 110.10 for information on circuit impe- dance and other characteristics.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-341
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
430.9
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.9 Terminals.
(A) Markings. Terminals of motors and controllers shall be suitably marked or colored where necessary to indicate the proper connections.
(B) Conductors. Motor controllers and terminals of control circuit devices shall be connected with copper conductors unless identified for use with a different conductor.
(C) Torque Requirements. Control circuit devices with screw- type pressure terminals used with 14 AWG or smaller copper conductors shall be torqued to a minimum of 0.8 N.m (7 lb-in.) unless identified for a different torque valuc.
430.10 Wiring Space in Enclosures.
(A) General. Enclosures for motor controllers and disconnect- ing means shall not be used as junction boxes, auxiliary gutters, or raceways for conductors feeding through or tapping off to the other apparatus unless designs are employed that provide adequate space for this purpose.
Informational Note: See 312.8 for switch and overcurrent-device enclosures.
(B) Wire-Bending Space in Enclosures. Minimum wirc- bending space within the enclosures for motor controllers shall be in accordance with Table 430.10(B) where measured in a straight line from the end of the lug or wire connector (in the direction the wire leaves the terminal) to the wall or barrier. Where alternate wire termination means are substituted for that supplied by the manufacturer of the motor controller, they shall be of a type identified by the manufacturer for use with the motor controller and shall not reduce the minimum wire- bending spacc.
Table 430.10(B) Minimum Wire-Bending Space at the Terminals of Enclosed Motor Controllers
Wires per Terminal*
Size of Wire (AWG or kcmil)
mm
in.
mm
in.
10 and smaller
Not specified
8 6
38
11%
4-3
50
2
2
65
21/3
1
75
3
1/0
125
5
125
5
2/0
150
6
150
6
3/0-4/0
175
7
175
7
250
200
8
200
8
300
250
10
250
10
350-500
300
12
300
12
600-700
350
14
400
16
750-900
450
18
475
19
'Where provision for three or more wires per terminal exists, the mini- mum wire-bending space shall be in accordance with the requirements of 312.6(B).
430.11 Protection Against Liquids. Suitable guards or enclo- sures shall be provided to protect exposed current-carrying parts of motors and the insulation of motor leads where installed directly under equipment, or in other locations where dripping or spraying oil, water, or other liquid is capable of occurring, unless the motor is designed for the existing condi- tions.
430.12 Motor Terminal Housings.
(A) Material. Where motors are provided with terminal hous- ings, the housings shall be of metal and of substantial construc- tion.
Exception: In other than hazardous (classified) locations, substantial, nonmetallic, noncombustible housings shall be permitted, provided an internal grounding means between the motor frame and the equipment grounding connection is incorporated within the housing.
(B) Dimensions and Space - Wire-to-Wire Connections. Where these terminal housings enclose wire-to-wire connec- tions, they shall have minimum dimensions and usable volumes in accordance with Table 430.12(B).
Table 430.12(B) Terminal Housings - Wire-to-Wire Connections
Motors 275 mm (11 in.) in Diameter or Less
Cover Opening Minimum Dimension
Usable Volume Minimum
Horsepower
mm
in.
cm3
in.$
1 and smaller"
41
13%
170
10.5
11/2, 2, and 3b -
45
1%
275
16.8
5 and 71%
50
2
365
22.4
10 and 15
65
Motors Over 275 mm (11 in.) in Diameter - Alternating-Current Motors
Maximum Full Load Current for 3-Phase Motors with Maximum of 12 Leads (Amperes)
mm
in.
cm3
in.3
230 Volt
460 Volt
45
65
2.5
595
36.4
15
30
70
84
3.3
1,265
77
25
50
110
100
4.0
2,295
140
40
75
160
125
5.0
4,135
252
60
125
250
150
6.0
7,380
450
100
200
400
175
7.0
13,775
840
150
300
600
200
8.0
25,255
1540
250
500
Terminal Box Cover Opening Minimum Dimension
Usable Volume Minimum
595
36.4
1
2
Typical Maximum Horsepower 3-Phase
70-342
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.18
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
Direct-Current Motors
Maximum Full-Load
Terminal Box Minimum Dimensions
Usable Volume Minimum
6 Leads (Amperes)
mm
in.
cm3
in.3
68
65
2.5
425
26
105
84
3.3
900
55
165
100
4.0
1,640
100
240
125
5.0
2,950
180
375
150
6.0
5,410
330
600
175
7.0
9,840
600
900
200
8.0
18,040
1,100
Note: Auxiliary leads for such items as brakes, thennostats, space heat- ers, and exciting fields shall he pennitted to he neglected if their current-carrying area does not exceed 25 percent of the current- carrying area of the machine power leads.
"For motors rated 1 hp and smaller, and with the terminal housing partially or wholly integral with the frame or end shield, the volume of the terminal housing shall not he less than 18.0 cm3 (1.1 in.3) per wire- to-wire connection. The minimum cover opening dimension is not specified.
"For motors rated 11/2, 2, and 3 hp, and with the terminal housing parti- ally or wholly integral with the frame or end shield, the volume of the terminal housing shall not be less than 23.0 cm3 (1.4 in.3) per wire-to- wire connection. The minimum cover opening dimension is not speci- fied.
(C) Dimensions and Space - Fixed Terminal Connections. Where these terminal housings enclose rigidly mounted motor terminals, the terminal housing shall be of sufficient size to provide minimum terminal spacings and usable volumes in accordance with Table 430.12(C) (1) and Table 430.12(C) (2).
(D) Large Wire or Factory Connections. For motors with larger ratings, greater number of leads, or larger wire sizes, or where motors are installed as a part of factory-wired cquip- ment, without additional connection being required at the motor terminal housing during equipment installation, the terminal housing shall be of ample size to make connections, but the foregoing provisions for the volumes of terminal hous- ings shall not be considered applicable.
(E) Equipment Grounding Connections. A means for attach- ment of an equipment grounding conductor termination in accordance with 250.8 shall be provided at motor terminal housings for wire-to-wire connections or fixed terminal connec- tions. The means for such connections shall be permitted to be located either inside or outside the motor terminal housing.
Exception: Where a motor is installed as a part of factory-wired equip- ment that is required to be grounded and without additional connection being required at the motor terminal housing during equipment instal- lation, a separate means for motor grounding at the motor terminal housing shall not be required.
430.13 Bushing. Where wires pass through an opening in an enclosure, conduit box, or barrier, a bushing shall be used to protect the conductors from the edges of openings having sharp edges. The bushing shall have smooth, well-rounded surfaces where it may be in contact with the conductors. If used where oils, greases, or other contaminants may be present, the bushing shall be made of material not deleteriously affected.
Infonnational Note: See 310.10(F) for conductors exposed to deteriorating agents.
Table 430.12(C)(1) Terminal Spacings - Fixed Terminals
Minimum Spacing
Between Line Terminals
Between Line Terminals and Other Uninsulated Metal Parts
Nominal Volts
mm
in.
mm
in.
250 or less
6
1/4
6
1/4
Over 250 - 1000
10
10
Table 430.12(C)(2) Usable Volumes - Fixed Terminals
Power-Supply Conductor Size (AWG)
Minimum Usable Volume per Power-Supply Conductor
cm3
in.3
14
16
1
12 and 10
20
11
8 and 6
37
21/4
430.14 Location of Motors.
(A) Ventilation and Maintenance. Motors shall be located so that adequate ventilation is provided and so that maintenance, such as lubrication of bearings and replacing of brushes, can be readily accomplished.
Exception: Ventilation shall not be required for submersible types of motors.
(B) Open Motors. Open motors that have commutators or collector rings shall be located or protected so that sparks cannot reach adjacent combustible material.
Exception: Installation of these motors on wooden floors or supports shall be permitted.
430.16 Exposure to Dust Accumulations. In locations where dust or flying material collects on or in motors in such quanti- tics as to seriously interfere with the ventilation or cooling of motors and thereby cause dangerous temperatures, suitable types of enclosed motors that do not overheat under the prevailing conditions shall be used.
Infonnational Note: Especially severe conditions may require the use of enclosed pipe-ventilated motors, or enclosure in sepa- rate dusttight rooms, properly ventilated from a source of clean air.
430.17 Highest Rated or Smallest Rated Motor. In determin- ing compliance with 430.24, 430.53(B), and 430.53(C), the highest rated or smallest rated motor shall be based on the rated full-load current as selected from Table 430.247, Table 430.248, Table 430.249, and Table 430.250.
430.18 Nominal Voltage of Rectifier Systems. The nominal value of the ac voltage being rectified shall be used to deter- mine the voltage of a rectifier derived system.
Exception: The nominal de voltage of the rectifier shall be used af it exceeds the peak value of the ac voltage being rectified.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-343
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Current for Motors
with Maximum of
430.21
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
Part II. Motor Circuit Conductors
430.21 General. Part II specifics ampacities of conductors that are capable of carrying the motor current without overheating under the conditions specified.
Part II shall not apply to motor circuits rated over 1000 volts, nominal.
Informational Note No. 1: See Part XI for motor circuits rated over 1000 volts, nominal.
Informational Note No. 2: See 110.14(C) and 430.9(B) for equipment device tenninal requirements.
430.22 Single Motor. Conductors that supply a single motor used in a continuous duty application shall have an ampacity of not less than 125 percent of the motor full-load current rating, as determined by 430.6(A) (1), or not less than specified in 430.22(A) through (G).
(A) Direct-Current Motor-Rectifier Supplied. For dc motors operating from a rectified power supply, the conductor ampac- ity on the input of the rectifier shall not be less than 125 percent of the rated input current to the rectifier. For dc motors operating from a rectified single-phase power supply, the conductors between the field wiring output terminals of the rectifier and the motor shall have an ampacity of not less than the following percentages of the motor full-load current rating:
(1) Where a rectifier bridge of the single-phase, half-wave type is used, 190 percent.
(2) Where a rectifier bridge of the single-phase, full-wave type is used, 150 percent.
(B) Multispeed Motor. For a multispeed motor, the selection of branch-circuit conductors on the line side of the controller shall be based on the highest of the full-load current ratings shown on the motor nameplate. The ampacity of the branch- circuit conductors between the controller and the motor shall not be less than 125 percent of the current rating of the wind- ing(s) that the conductors energizc.
(C) Wye-Start, Delta-Run Motor. For a wye-start, delta-run connected motor, the ampacity of the branch-circuit conduc- tors on the line side of the controller shall not be less than 125 percent of the motor full-load current as determined by 430.6(A)(1). The ampacity of the conductors between the controller and the motor shall not be less than 72 percent of the motor full-load current rating as determined by 430.6(A) (1).
Informational Note: The individual motor circuit conductors of a wye-start, delta-nm connected motor carry 58 percent of the rated load current. The multiplier of 72 percent is obtained by multiplying 58 percent by 1.25.
(D) Part-Winding Motor. For a part-winding connected motor, the ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors on the line side of the controller shall not be less than 125 percent of the motor full-load current as determined by 430.6(A) (1). The ampacity of the conductors between the controller and the motor shall not be less than 62.5 percent of the motor full-load current rating as determined by 430.6(A) (1).
Informational Note: The multiplier of 62.5 percent is obtained by multiplying 50 percent by 1.25.
(E) Other Than Continuous Duty. Conductors for a motor used in a short-time, intermittent, periodic, or varying duty
application shall have an ampacity of not less than the percent- age of the motor nameplate current rating shown in Table 430.22(E), unless the authority having jurisdiction grants special permission for conductors of lower ampacity.
Table 430.22(E) Duty-Cycle Service
Nameplate Current Rating Percentages
30- & 60- Contin-
5-Minute Rated Motor
15-Minute Rated Motor
Minute Rated Motor
uous
Rated
Classification of Service
110
120
150
-
operating valves, raising or lowering rolls, etc.
Intermittent duty freight and
85
85
90
140
passenger elevators, tool heads, pumps, drawbridges, turntables, etc. (for arc welders, see 630.11)
Periodic duty rolls, ore- and coal-handling machines, etc.
85
90
95
140
Varying duty
110
120
150
200
Note: Any motor application shall be considered as continuous duty unless the nature of the apparatus it drives is such that the motor will not operate continuously with load under any condition of use.
(F) Separate Terminal Enclosure. The conductors between a stationary motor rated 1 hp or less and the separate terminal enclosure permitted in 430.245(B) shall be permitted to be smaller than 14 AWG but not smaller than 18 AWG, provided they have an ampacity as specified in 430.22.
(G) Conductors for Small Motors. Conductors for small motors shall not be smaller than 14 AWG unless otherwise permitted in 430.22(G) (1) or (G) (2).
(1) 18 AWG Copper. 18 AWG individual copper conductors installed in a cabinet or enclosure, copper conductors that are part of a jacketed multiconductor cable assembly, or copper conductors in a flexible cord shall be permitted, under cither of the following sets of conditions:
(1) The circuit supplies a motor with a full-load current rating, as determined by 430.6(A) (1), of greater than 3.5 amperes, and less than or equal to 5 amperes, and all the following conditions are met:
a. The circuit is protected in accordance with 430.52.
b. The circuit is provided with maximum Class 10 or Class 10A overload protection in accordance with 430.32.
c. Overcurrent protection is provided in accordance with 240.4(D) (1)(2).
(2) The circuit supplies a motor with a full-load current rating, as determined by 430.6(A) (1), of 3.5 amperes or less, and all the following conditions are met:
a. The circuit is protected in accordance with 430.52.
70-344
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Motor
Short-time duty
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.28
b. The circuit is provided with maximum Class 20 over- load protection in accordance with 430.32.
c. Overcurrent protection is provided in accordance with 240.4(D) (1)(2).
(2) 16 AWG Copper. 16 AWG individual copper conductors installed in a cabinet or enclosure, copper conductors that are part of a jacketed multiconductor cable assembly, or copper conductors in a flexible cord shall be permitted under cither of the following sets of conditions:
(1) The circuit supplies a motor with a full-load current rating, as determined by 430.6(A) (I), of greater than 5.5 amperes, and less than or equal to 8 amperes, and all the following conditions are met:
a. The circuit is protected in accordance with 430.52.
b. The circuit is provided with maximum Class 10 or Class 10A overload protection in accordance with 430.32.
c. Overcurrent protection is provided in accordance with 240.4(D) (2)(2).
(2) The circuit supplies a motor with a full-load current rating, as determined by 430.6(A) (1), of 5.5 amperes or less, and all the following conditions are met:
a. The circuit is protected in accordance with 430.52.
b. The circuit is provided with maximum Class 20 over- load protection in accordance with 430.32.
c. Overcurrent protection is provided in accordance with 240.4(D) (2)(2).
430.23 Wound-Rotor Secondary.
(A) Continuous Duty. For continuous duty, the conductors connecting the secondary of a wound-rotor ac motor to its controller shall have an ampacity not less than 125 percent of the full-load secondary current of the motor.
(B) Other Than Continuous Duty. For other than continuous duty, these conductors shall have an ampacity, in percent of full-load secondary current, not less than that specified in Table 430.22(E).
(C) Resistor Separate from Controller. Where the secondary resistor is separate from the controller, the ampacity of the conductors between controller and resistor shall not be less than that shown in Table 430.23(C).
430.24 Several Motors or a Motor(s) and Other Load(s). Conductors supplying several motors, or a motor(s) and other load(s), shall have an ampacity not less than the sum of cach of the following:
(1) 125 percent of the full-load current rating of the highest rated motor, as determined by 430.6(A)
Table 430.23(C) Secondary Conductor
Resistor Duty Classification
Ampacity of Conductor in Percent of Full-Load Secondary Current
Light starting duty
35
Heavy starting duty
45
Extra-heavy starting duty
55
Light intermittent duty
65
Medium intermittent duty
75
Heavy intermittent duty
85
Continuous duty
110
(2) Sum of the full-load current ratings of all the other motors in the group, as determined by 430.6(A)
(3) 100 percent of the noncontinuous non-motor load
(4) 125 percent of the continuous non-motor load.
Informational Note: See Informative Annex D, Example No. D8.
Exception No. 1: Where one or more of the motors of the group are used for short-time, intermittent, periodic, or varying duty, the ampere rating of such motors to be used in the summation shall be determined in accordance with 430.22(E). For the highest rated motor, the greater of either the ampere rating from 430.22(E) or the largest continuous duty motor full-load current multiplied by 1.25 shall be used in the summa- tion.
Exception No. 2: The ampacity of conductors supplying motor-operated fixed electric spare-heating equipment shall comply with 424.4(B).
Exception No. 3: Where the circuitry is interlocked so as to prevent simultaneous operation of selected motors or other loads, the conductor ampacity shall be permitted to be based on the summation of the currents of the motors and other loads to be operated simultaneously that results in the highest total current.
430.25 Multimotor and Combination-Load Equipment. Thc ampacity of the conductors supplying multimotor and combination-load equipment shall not be less than the mini- mum circuit ampacity marked on the equipment in accordance with 430.7(D). Where the equipment is not factory-wired and the individual nameplates are visible in accordance with 430.7(D) (2), the conductor ampacity shall be determined in accordance with 430.24.
430.26 Feeder Demand Factor. Where reduced heating of the conductors results from motors operating on duty-cycle, inter- mittently, or from all motors not operating at one time, the authority having jurisdiction may grant permission for feeder conductors to have an ampacity less than specified in 430.24, provided the conductors have sufficient ampacity for the maxi- mum load determined in accordance with the sizes and number of motors supplied and the character of their loads and dutics.
Informational Note: Demand factors detennined in the design of new facilities can often be validated against actual historical experience from similar installations.
430.27 Capacitors with Motors. Where capacitors are installed in motor circuits, conductors shall comply with 460.8 and 460.9.
430.28 Feeder Taps. Feeder tap conductors shall have an ampacity not less than that required by Part II, shall terminate in a branch-circuit protective device, and, in addition, shall meet one of the following requirements:
(1) Be enclosed either by an enclosed controller or by a race- way, be not more than 3.0 m (10 ft) in length, and, for field installation, be protected by an overcurrent device on the line side of the tap conductor, the rating or setting of which shall not exceed 1000 percent of the tap conduc- tor ampacity
(2) Have an ampacity of at least one-third that of the feeder conductors, be suitably protected from physical damage or enclosed in a raceway, and be not more than 7.5 m (25 ft) in length
(3) Have an ampacity not less than the feeder conductors
Exception: Feeder taps over 7.5 m (25 ft) long. In high-bay manufac- turing buildings [over 11 m (35 ft) high at walls], where conditions of
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-345
430.29
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the systems, conductors tapped to a feeder shall be permitted to be not over 7.5 m (25 ft) long horizontally and not over 30.0 m (100 ft) in total length where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The ampacity of the tap conductors is not less than one-third that of the feeder conductors.
(2) The tap conductors terminate with a single circuit breaker or a single set of fuses complying with (1) Part IV, where the load-side conductors are a branch circuit, or (2) Part V, where the load-side conductors are a feeder.
(3) The tap conductors are suitably protected from physical damage and are installed in raceways.
(4) The tap conductors are continuous from end-to-end and contain no splices.
(5) The tap conductors shall be 6 AWG copper or 4 AWG aluminum or larger.
(6) The tap conductors shall not penetrate walls, floors, or ceilings.
(7) The tap shall not be made less than 9.0 m (30 ft) from the floor.
430.29 Constant Voltage Direct-Current Motors - Power Resistors. Conductors connecting the motor controller to separately mounted power accelerating and dynamic braking resistors in the armature circuit shall have an ampacity not less than the value calculated from Table 430.29 using motor full- load current. If an armature shunt resistor is used, the power accelerating resistor conductor ampacity shall be calculated using the total of motor full-load current and armature shunt resistor current.
Armature shunt resistor conductors shall have an ampacity of not less than that calculated from Table 430.29 using rated shunt resistor current as full-load current.
Part III. Motor and Branch-Circuit Overload Protection
430.31 General. Part III specifics overload devices intended to protect motors, motor-control apparatus, and motor branch- circuit conductors against excessive heating due to motor over- loads and failure to start.
Informational Note No. 1: See Informative Annex D, Example D8.
Informational Note No. 2: See Article 100 for the definition of Overload.
(A) Where Hazard Exists. These provisions shall not require overload protection where a power loss would cause a hazard, such as in the case of fire pumps.
Informational Note: See 695.7 for protection of fire pump supply conductors.
Table 430.29 Conductor Rating Factors for Power Resistors
Time in Seconds
Ampacity of Conductor in Percent of Full-Load Current
On
Off
5
75
35
10
70
45
15
75
55
15
45
65
15
30
75
15
15
85
Continuous Duty
110
(B) Not Over 1000 Volts. Part III shall not apply to motor circuits rated over 1000 volts, nominal.
Informational Note: See Part XI for over 1000 volts, nominal. 430.32 Continuous-Duty Motors.
(A) More Than 1 Horsepower. Each motor used in a continu- ous duty application and rated more than 1 hp shall be protec- ted against overload by one of the means in 430.32(A) (1) through (A) (4).
(1) Separate Overload Device. A separate overload device that is responsive to motor current. This device shall be selected to trip or shall be rated at no more than the following percent of the motor nameplate full-load current rating:
Motors with a marked service factor 125%
1.15 or greater
Motors with a marked temperature 125%
rise 40° or less
All other motors 115%
Modification of this value shall be permitted as provided in 430.32(C). For a multispeed motor, cach winding connection shall be considered separately.
Where a separate motor overload device is connected so that it does not carry the total current designated on the motor nameplate, such as for wyc-delta starting, the proper percent- age of nameplate current applying to the selection or setting of the overload device shall be clearly designated on the cquip- ment, or the manufacturer's selection table shall take this into account.
Informational Note: See 460.9 for power factor correction capacitors that are installed on the load side of the motor over- load device.
(2) Thermal Protector or Electronically Protected. A thermal protector integral with the motor shall be approved for use with the motor it protects on the basis that it will prevent dangerous overheating of the motor due to overload and fail- urc to start. An electronically protected motor shall be approved for use on the basis that it will prevent dangerous overheating due to the failure of the electronic control, over- load, or failure to start the motor. The ultimate trip current of a thermally or electronically protected motor shall not exceed the following percentage of motor full-load current given in Table 430.248, Table 430.249, and Table 430.250:
Motor full-load current 9 amperes or less 170%
Motor full-load current from 9.1 to, and 156%
including, 20 amperes
Motor full-load current greater than 20 amperes 140%
If the motor current-interrupting device is separate from the motor and its control circuit is operated by a protective device integral with the motor, it shall be arranged so that the open- ing of the control circuit will result in interruption of current to the motor.
70-346
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 430- MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.35
(3) Integral with Motor. A protective device integral with a motor that will protect the motor against damage duc to failure to start shall be permitted if the motor is part of an approved assembly that does not normally subject the motor to over- load.s.
(4) Larger Than 1500 Horsepower. For motors larger than 1500 hp, a protective device having embedded temperature detectors that cause current to the motor to be interrupted when the motor attains a temperature rise greater than marked on the nameplate in an ambient temperature of 40.
(B) One Horsepower or Less, Automatically Started. Any motor of I hp or less that is started automatically shall be protected against overload by one of the following means.
(1) Separate Overload Device. By a separate overload device following the requirements of 430.32(A) (1).
For a multispeed motor, cach winding connection shall be considered separately. Modification of this value shall be permitted as provided in 430.32(C).
(2) Thermal Protector or Electronically Protected. A thermal protector integral with the motor shall be approved for use with the motor that it protects on the basis that it will prevent dangerous overheating of the motor due to overload and fail- urc to start. An electronically protected motor shall be approved for use on the basis that it will prevent dangerous overheating due to the failure of the electronic control, over- load, or failure to start the motor. Where the motor current- interrupting device is separate from the motor and its control circuit is operated by a protective device integral with the motor, it shall be arranged so that the opening of the control circuit results in interruption of current to the motor.
(3) Integral with Motor. A protective device integral with a motor that protects the motor against damage due to failure to start shall be permitted (1) if the motor is part of an approved assembly that does not subject the motor to overloads, or (2) if the assembly is also equipped with other safety controls (such as the safety combustion controls on a domestic oil burner) that protect the motor against damage due to failure to start. Where the assembly has safety controls that protect the motor, it shall be so indicated on the nameplate of the assemblywhere it will be visible after installation.
(4) Impedance-Protected. If the impedance of the motor windings is sufficient to prevent overheating due to failure to start, the motor shall be permitted to be protected as specified in 430.32(D) (2)a. for manually started motors if the motor is part of an approved assemblyin which the motor will limit itself so that it will not be dangerously overheated.
Informational Note: Many ac motors of less than 1/20 hp, such as clock motors, series motors, and so forth, and also some larger motors such as torque motors, come within this classification. It does not include split-phase motors having automatic switches that disconnect the starting windings.
(C) Selection of Overload Device. Where the sensing clement or setting or sizing of the overload device selected in accord- ance with 430.32(A) (1) and 430.32(B) (1) is not sufficient to start the motor or to carry the load, higher size sensing clements or incremental settings or sizing shall be permitted to be used, provided the trip current of the overload device docs not exceed the following percentage of motor nameplate full- load current rating:
Motors with marked service factor 1.15 or greater 140% Motors with a marked temperature rise 40 or 140%
less
All other motors
130%
If not shunted during the starting period of the motor as provided in 430.35, the overload device shall have sufficient time delay to permit the motor to start and accelerate its load.
Informational Note: A Class 20 overload relay will provide a longer motor acceleration time than a Class 10 or Class 10A overload relay. A Class 30 overload relay will provide a longer motor acceleration time than a Class 20 overload relay. Use of a higher class overload relay may preclude the need for selection of a higher trip current.
(D) One Horsepower or Less, Nonautomatically Started.
(1) Permanently Installed. Overload protection shall be in accordance with 430.32(B).
(2) Not Permanently Installed.
a. Within Sight from Controller. Overload protection shall be permitted to be furnished by the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device; such device, however, shall not be larger than that specified in Part IV of Article 430.
Exception: Any such motor shall be permitted on a nominal 120-volt branch cirruit protected at not over 20 amperes.
b. Not Within Sight from Controller. Overload protection shall be in accordance with 430.32(B).
(E) Wound-Rotor Secondaries. The secondary circuits of wound-rotor ac motors, including conductors, controllers, resistors, and so forth, shall be permitted to be protected against overload by the motor-overload device.
430.33 Intermittent and Similar Duty. A motor used for a condition of service that is inherently short-time, intermittent, periodic, or varying duty, as illustrated by Table 430.22(E), shall be permitted to be protected against overload by the branch- circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device, provi- ded the protective device rating or setting does not exceed that specified in Table 430.52(C) (1).
Any motor application shall be considered to be for continu- ous duty unless the nature of the apparatus it drives is such that the motor cannot operate continuously with load under any condition of usc.
430.35 Shunting During Starting Period.
(A) Nonautomatically Started. For a nonautomatically started motor, the overload protection shall be permitted to be shun- ted or cut out of the circuit during the starting period of the motor if the device by which the overload protection is shunted or cut out cannot be left in the starting position and if fuses or inverse time circuit breakers rated or set at not over 400 percent of the full-load current of the motor are located in the circuit so as to be operative during the starting period of the motor.
(B) Automatically Started. The motor overload protection shall not be shunted or cut out during the starting period if the motor is automatically started.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-347
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
430.36
ARTICLE 430- MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
Exception: The motor overload protection shall be permitted to be shun- ted or cut out during the starting period on an automatically started motor where the following apply:
(1) The motor starting period exceeds the time delay of available motor overload protective devices, and
(2) Listed means are provided to perform the following:
a. Sense motor rotation and automatically prevent the shunting or cutout in the event that the motor fails to start, and
b. Limit the time of overload protection shunting or cutout to less than the locked rotor time rating of the protected motor, and
c. Provide for shutdown and manual restart af motor running condition is not reached.
430.36 Fuses - In Which Conductor. Where fuses are used for motor overload protection, a fuse shall be inserted in cach ungrounded conductor and also in the grounded conductor if the supply system is 3-wirc, 3-phase ac with one conductor grounded.
430.37 Devices Other Than Fuses - In Which Conductor. Where devices other than fuses are used for motor overload protection, Table 430.37 shall govern the minimum allowable number and location of overload units such as trip coils or relays.
430.38 Number of Conductors Opened by Overload Device. Motor overload devices, other than fuses or thermal protectors,
Table 430.37 Overload Units
Kind of Motor
Supply System
Number and Location of Overload Units, Such as Trip Coils or Relays
1-phase ac or dc 2-wire, 1-phase ac or dc ungrounded
I in either conductor
1-phase ac or dc
2-wire, 1-phase ac or dc, one conductor grounded
I in ungrounded conductor
1-phase ac or dc
3-wire, 1-phase ac or dc, grounded neutral conductor
I in either ungrounded conductor
1-phase ac
Any 3-phase
I in ungrounded conductor
2-phase ac
3-wire, 2-phase ac, ungrounded
2, one in each phase
2-phase ac
3-wire, 2-phase ac, one conductor grounded
2 in ungrounded conductors
2-phase ac
4-wire, 2-phase ac, grounded or ungrounded
2, one for each phase in ungrounded conductors
2-phase ac
Grounded neutral or 5-wire, 2-phase ac, ungrounded
2, one for each phase in any ungrounded phase wire
3-phase ac Any 3-phase
3, one in each phase*
*Exception: An overload unit in each phase shall not be required where overload protection is provided by other approved means.
shall simultaneously open a sufficient number of ungrounded conductors to interrupt current flow to the motor.
430.39 Motor Controller as Overload Protection. A motor controller shall also be permitted to serve as an overload device if the number of overload units complies with Table 430.37 and if these units are operative in both the starting and running position in the case of a dc motor, and in the running position in the case of an ac motor.
430.40 Overload Relays. Overload relays and other devices for motor overload protection that are not capable of opening short circuits or ground faults shall be protected by fuses or circuit breakers with ratings or settings in accordance with 430.52 or by a motor short-circuit protector in accordance with 430.52.
Exception: Where approved for group installation and marked to indi- cate the maximum size of fuse or inverse time circuit breaker by which they must be protected, the overload devices shall be protected in accord- ance with this marking.
430.42 Motors on General-Purpose Branch Circuits. Overload protection for motors used on general-purpose branch circuits shall be provided as specified in 430.42(A), (B), (C), or (D).
(A) Not Over 1 Horsepower. One or more motors without individual overload protection shall be permitted to be connec- ted to a general-purpose branch circuit only where the installa- tion complies with the limiting conditions specified in 430.32(B),,430.32(D), and 430.53(A) (1) and (A) (2).
(B) Over 1 Horsepower. Motors of ratings larger than speci- ficd in 430.53(A) shall be permitted to be connected to general-purpose branch circuits only where cach motor is protected by overload protection selected to protect the motor as specified in 430.32. Both the motor controller and the motor overload device shall be approved for group installation with the short-circuit and ground-fault protective device selec- ted in accordance with 430.53.
(C) Cord-and-Plug-Connected. Where a motor is connected to a branch circuit by means of an attachment plug and a recepta- cle or cord connector, and individual overload protection is omitted in accordance with 430.42(A), the rating of the attach- ment plug and receptacle or cord connector shall not exceed 15 amperes at 125 volts or 250 volts. Where individual overload protection is required in accordance with 430.42(B) for a motor or motor-operated appliance that is attached to the branch circuit through an attachment plug and a receptacle or cord connector, the overload device shall be an integral part of the motor or appliance. The rating of the attachment plug and receptacle or cord connector shall determine the rating of the circuit to which the motor can be connected, in accordance with 210.21 (B).
(D) Time Delay. The branch-circuit short-circuit and ground- fault protective device protecting a circuit to which a motor or motor-operated appliance is connected shall have sufficient time delay to permit the motor to start and accelerate its load.
430.43 Automatic Restarting. A motor overload device that can restart a motor automatically after overload tripping shall not be installed unless approved for use with the motor it protects. A motor overload device that can restart a motor auto- matically after overload tripping shall not be installed if auto- matic restarting of the motor can result in injury to persons.
70-348
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.52
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.44 Orderly Shutdown. If immediate automatic shutdown of a motor by a motor overload protective device(s) would introduce additional or increased hazard(s) to a person(s) and continued motor operation is necessary for safe shutdown of equipment or process, a motor overload sensing device(s) complying with Part III of this article shall be permitted to be connected to a supervised alarm instead of causing immediate interruption of the motor circuit, so that corrective action or an orderly shutdown can be initiated.
Part IV. Motor Branch-Circuit Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protection
430.51 General. Part IV specifics devices intended to protect the motor branch-circuit conductors, the motor control appa- ratus, and the motors against overcurrent clue to short circuits or ground faults. The devices specified in Part IV do not include the types of devices required by 210.8, 230.95, and 590.6.
Informational Note No. 1: See Informative Annex D, Example D8, for an example of motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection selection.
Part IV shall not apply to motor circuits rated over 1000 volts, nominal.
Informational Note No. 2: See Part XI for over 1000 volts, nomi- nal.
430.52 Rating or Setting for Individual Motor Circuit.
(A) General. The motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device shall comply with 430.52(B) and cither 430.52(C) or (D), as applicable.
(B) All Motors. The motor branch-circuit short-circuit, and ground-fault protective device shall be capable of carrying the starting current of the motor.
(C) Rating or Setting.
(1) In Accordance with Table 430.52(C)(1). A protective device that has a rating or setting not exceeding the value calculated according to the values given in Table 430.52(C) (1) shall be used unless otherwise permittedl in 430.52(C) (1) (a) or (C) (1) (b).
(a) Where the values as determined by Table 430.52(C) (1) do not correspond to the standard ampere ratings and settings provided in 240.6, the next higher standard rating or setting shall be permitted.
(b) Where the rating specified in Table 430.52(C) (1), or the rating modified by 430.52(C) (I) (a), is not sufficient for the starting current of the motor, any of the following shall apply:
(1) The rating of a nontime-delay fuse not exceeding 600 amperes or a time-delay Class CC fuse shall be permitted to be increased but shall in no case exceed 400 percent of the full-load current.
(2) The rating of a time-delay (dual-element) fuse shall be permitted to be increased but shall in no case exceed 225 percent of the full-load current.
(3) The rating of an inverse time circuit breaker shall be permitted to be increased but shall in no case exceed 400 percent for full-load currents of 100 amperes or less or 300 percent for full-load currents greater than 100 amperes.
(4) The rating of a fuse of 601-6000 ampere classification shall be permitted to be increased but shall in no ca.sc exceed 300 percent of the full-load current.
Informational Note: See Infonnative Annex D, Example D8, for an example of motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground- fault rating and setting and Infonnational Note Figure 430.1 for an example location.
(2) Overload Relay Table. Where maximum branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device ratings arc shown in the manufacturer's overload relay table for use with a motor controller or are otherwise marked on the equipment, they shall not be exceeded even if higher values are allowed as shown above.
(3) Instantaneous-Trip Circuit Breaker. An instantancous-trip circuit breaker shall be permitted if the conditions of 430.52(C) (3) (a) and (C) (3) (b) arc mct.
(a) Application. Instantancous-trip circuit breakers shall be adjustable and part of a listed combination motor controller having coordinated motor overload and short-circuit and ground-fault protection in cach conductor.
Informational Note No. 1: Instantancous-trip circuit break- ers are also known as inotor-circuit protectors (MCPs).
Informational Note No. 2: For the purpose of this article, instantancous-trip circuit breakers could include a damping means to accommodate a transient motor inrush current with- out nuisance tripping of the circuit breaker.
: (b) . Setting. The instantancous-trip circuit breaker shall be adjusted to a setting in accordance with one of the follow- ing:
(1) No greater than the value specified in Table 430.52(C)(1) (2) Where the value specified in Table 430.52(C) (1) is not sufficient for the starting current of the motor, one of the following settings shall be permitted:
a. Motors other than design B energy-efficient and Design B premium efficiency motors shall be permit- ted to be increased but shall in no case exceed 1300 percent of the motor full-load current.
b. Design B energy-efficient and Design B premium effi- ciency motors shall be permitted to be increased but shall in no case exceed 1700 percent of the motor full- load current.
c. Where an engineering analysis determines the value is not sufficient for the starting current of the motor, it shall not be necessary to first apply the value specified in Table 430.52(C) (1).
Informational Note No. 3: See NEMA MG 1-2016, Motors and Generators, Part 12.59 for additional information on the requirements for a motor to be classified "energy efficient."
(3) Where the motor full-load current is 8 amperes or less, the setting of the instantancous-trip circuit breaker with a continuous current rating of 15 amperes or less in a listed combination motor controller that provides coordinated motor branch-circuit overload and short-circuit and ground-fault protection shall be permitted to be increased to the value marked on the motor controller.
(4) Multispeed Motor. For a multispeed motor, a single short- circuit and ground-fault protective device shall be permitted for two or more windings of the motor if the rating of the protective device does not exceed the above applicable percentage of the nameplate rating of the smallest winding protected.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-349
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.52
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
Table 430.52(C)(1) Maximum Rating or Setting of Motor Branch-Circuit Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protective Devices
Percentage of Full-Load Current
Type of Motor
Nontime Delay Fuse'
Dual Element (Time-Delay) Fuse'
Instantaneous-Trip Breaker
Inverse Time Breaker2
Single-phase motors
300
175
800
250
AC polyphase motors other than wound-rotor
300
175
800
250
Squirrel cage - other than Design B energy-efficient - and Design B premium efficiency
300
175
800
250
Design B energy-efficient and Design B premium efficiency
300
175
1100
250
Synchronous3
300
175
800
250
Wound-rotor
150
150
800
150
DC (constant voltage)
150
150
250
150
Note: See 430.54 for certain exceptions to the values specified.
'The values in the Nontime Delay Fuse column apply to time-delay Class CC fuses.
"The values given in the last column also cover the ratings of nonadjustable inverse time types of circuit breakers that can be modified as in 430.52(C) (1) (a) and (C) (1) (b).
3Synchronous motors of the low-torque, low-speed type (usually 450 rpm or lower), such as those used to drive reciprocating compressors, pumps, and so forth, that start unloaded, do not require a fuse rating or circuit- breaker setting in excess of 200 percent of full-load current.
Exception: For a multispeed motor, a single short-circuit and ground- fault protective devire shall be permitted to be used and sized according to the full-load current of the highest current winding, where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Each winding is equipped with individual overload protection sized according to its full-load current.
(2) The branch-circuit conductors supplying each winding are sized according to the full-load current of the highest full-load current winding.
(3) The motor controller for each winding has a horsepower rating not less than that required for the winding having the highest horsepower rating.
(5) Power Electronic Devices. Semiconductor fuses intended for the protection of electronic devices shall be permitted in licu of devices listed in Table 430.52(C) (1) for power elec- tronic devices, associated electromechanical devices (such as bypass contactors and isolation contactors), and conductors in a solid-state motor controller system if the marking for replace- ment fuses is provided adjacent to the fuses.
(6) Self-Protected Combination Motor Controller. A listed self- protected combination motor controller shall be permitted in licu of the devices specified in Table 430.52(C) (1). Adjustable instantancous-trip settings shall not exceed 1300 percent of the full-load motor current for other than Design B energy- efficient and Design B premium efficiency motors and not more than 1700 percent of the full-load motor current for Design B energy-efficient and Design B premium efficiency motors.
Informational Note: Proper application of self-protected combi- nation motor controllers on 3-phase systems, other than solidly
grounded wye, particularly on corner grounded delta systems, considers the self-protected combination motor controllers' individual pole-interrupting capability.
(7) Motor Short-Circuit Protector. A motor short-circuit protector shall be permitted in licu of devices listed in Table 430.52(C) (1) if the motor short-circuit protector is part of a listed combination motor controller having coordinated motor overload protection and short-circuit and ground-fault protec- tion in cach conductor and it will open the circuit at currents exceeding 1300 percent of the motor full-load current for other than Design B energy-efficient and Design B premium efficiency motors and 1700 percent of the motor full-load current for Design B energy-efficient and Design B premium efficiency motors.
Informational Note: A motor short-circuit protector, as used in this section, is a fused device and is not an instantaneous-uip circuit breaker.
(D) Torque Motors. Torque motor branch circuits shall be protected at the motor nameplate current rating in accordance with 240.4(B).
430.53 Several Motors or Loads on One Branch Circuit. Two or more motors or one or more motors and other loads shall be permitted to be connected to the same branch circuit under conditions specified in 430.53(D) and in 430.53(A), (B), or (C). The branch-circuit protective device shall be fuses or inverse time circuit breakers.
(A) Not Over 1 Horsepower. Several motors, cach not exceed- ing 1 hp in rating, shall be permitted on a nominal 120-volt branch circuit protected at not over 20 amperes or a branch
70-350
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.53
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
circuit of 1000 volts, nominal, or less, protected at not over 15 amperes, if all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The full-load rating of cach motor does not exceed 6 amperes.
(2) The rating of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground- fault protective device marked on any of the motor controllers is not exceeded.
(3) Individual overload protection conforms to 430.32.
(B) If Smallest Rated Motor Protected. Two or more motors or one or more motors and other loads shall be permitted to be connected to a branch circuit where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protec- tive device is selected not to exceed that allowed by 430.52 for the smallest rated motor supplied by the branch circuit.
(2) Each motor is provided with separate overload protec- tion.
(3) It can be determined that the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device will not open under the most severe normal conditions of service that might be encountered.
(C) Other Group Installations. Two or more motors of any size or one or more motors and other loads, with cach motor having individual overload protection, shall be permitted to be connected to a branch circuit where the motor controller(s) and overload device (s) comply with 430.53(C) (1) through (C) (5).
(1) Types of Assemblies. The assembly type shall mect one of the following conditions:
(1) A listed factory assembly, with the motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device either provided as part of the assemblyor specified by a marking on the assembly
(2) Field installation of the motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device, motor controller(s), and overload device(s) as separate assemblies listed for such use and provided with manufacturers' instructions for use with cach other
(2) Motor Overload Devices. Each motor overload device shall mect one of the following conditions:
(1) Listed for group installation with a specified maximum rating of fusc, inverse time circuit breaker, or both
(2) Selected such that the ampere rating of the motor-branch short-circuit and ground-fault protective device does not exceed that permitted by 430.52 for that individual motor overload device and corresponding motor load
(3) Motor Controllers. Each motor controller shall meet one of the following conditions:
(1) Listed for group installation with a specified maximum rating of fusc, circuit breaker, or both
(2) Selected such that the ampere rating of the motor-branch short-circuit and ground-fault protective device does not exceed that permitted by 430.52 for that individual motor controller and corresponding motor load
(4) Short-Circuit & Ground-Fault Protection. The branch circuit shall be protected by fuses or listed inverse time circuit breakers having a rating not exceeding the sum of all of the following:
(1) The value specified in 430.52 for the highest rated motor connected to the branch circuit
(2) The sum of the full-load current ratings of all other motors
(3) The sum of the current ratings of other loads connected to the circuit
Where this calculation results in a rating less than the ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors, it shall be permitted to increase the maximum rating of the fuses or circuit breaker to a valuc not exceeding that permitted by 240.4(B). Addition- ally, this rating shall not be larger than allowed by 430.40 for the overload relay protecting the smallest rated motor of the group.
(5) Overcurrent Protection. Loads other than motor loads shall be protected in accordance with Part I through Part VII of Article 240.
Informational Note: See 110.10 for circuit impedance and other characteristics.
(D) Single Motor Taps. For group installations described in 430.53(A), (B), or (C), the conductors of any tap supplying a single motor shall not be required to have an individual branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device if they comply with 430.53(D) (1) or (D) (2).
(1) Conductors to the Motor. Conductors to the motor shall have an ampacity that is not less than the ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors unless all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The conductors from the point of the tap to the motor overload device shall not be longer than 7.5 m (25 ft).
(2) The conductor ampacity is not less than one-third the ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors. The minimum ampacity shall not be less than required in 430.22.
(3) The conductors from the point of the tap to the motor controller(s) shall be protected from physical damage by being enclosed in an approved raceway or other approved means.
(2) Tap Conductors Between the Branch Circuit and Listed Manual Motor Controllers. Conductors from the point of the tap from the branch circuit to a listed manual motor controller additionally marked "Suitable for Tap Conductor Protection in Group Installations," or to a branch-circuit protective device, shall meet one of the following conditions:
(1) The length of the motor tap conductors does not exceed 3 m (10 ft) and the tap conductors comply with all of the following:
a. The ampacity of the tap conductors is not less than one-tenth of the rating or setting of the branch-circuit short-circuit ground-fault protective device.
b. The conductors from the motor controller to the motor shall have an ampacity in accordance with 430.22.
c. The conductors from the point of the tap to the motor controller(s) shall be suitably protected from physical damage and enclosed cither by an enclosed motor controller or by a raceway.
Exception to (1): Physical protection of the conductors from the point of the tap to the motor controllers shall not be required if the conductors have an ampacity not less than that of the branch- circuit conductors.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-351
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.54
ARTICLE 430 -MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
(2) The length of the motor tap conductors does not exceed 7.5 m (25 ft) and the tap conductors comply with all of the following:
a. The ampacity of the tap conductors is not less than one-third of the branch-circuit conductor ampacity.
b. The conductors from the motor controller to the motor shall have an ampacity in accordance with 430.22.
c. The conductors from the point of the tap to the motor controller(s) shall be suitably protected from physical damage and enclosed cither by an enclosed motor controller or by a raceway.
Exception to (2): Physical protection of the conductors from the point of the tap to the motor controllers shall not be required af the conductors have an ampacity not less than that of the branch-circuit conductors.
430.54 Multimotor and Combination-Load Equipment. The rating of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device for multimotor and combination-load cquip- ment shall not exceed the rating marked on the equipment in accordance with 430.7(D).
430.55 Combined Overcurrent Protection. Motor branch- circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection and motor overload protection shall be permitted to be combined in a single protective device where the rating or setting of the device provides the overload protection specified in 430.32.
430.56 Branch-Circuit Protective Devices - In Which Conduc- tor. Branch-circuit protective devices shall comply with 240.15.
430.57 Size of Fuseholder. Where fuses are used for motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection, the fuscholders shall not be of a smaller size than required to accommodate the fuses specified by Table 430.52(C) (1).
Exception: Where fuses having time delay appropriate for the starting characteristics of the motor are used, it shall be permitted to use fuse- holders sized to fit the fuses that are used.
430.58 Rating of Circuit Breaker. A circuit breaker for motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection shall have a current rating in accordance with 430.52 and 430.110.
Part V. Motor Feeder Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protec- tion
430.61 General. Part V specifics protective devices intended to protect feeder conductors supplying motors against overcur- rents due to short circuits or ground-faults.
Informational Note: See Informative Annex D, Example D8, for an example of motor feeder circuit short-circuit and ground- fault protection rating and setting.
430.62 Rating or Setting - Motor Load.
(A) Specific Load. A fecder supplying a specific fixed motor load(s) and consisting of conductor sizes in accordance with 430.24 shall be provided with a protective device having a rating or setting not greater than the largest rating or setting of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device for any motor supplied by the feeder [based on the maximum permitted value for the specific type of protective device in accordance with 430.52, or 440.22(A) for hermetic refrigerant motor-compressors], plus the sum of the full-load currents of the other motors of the group.
Where the same rating or setting of the branch-circuit short- circuit and ground-fault protective device is used on two or more of the branch circuits supplied by the feeder, one of the protective devices shall be considered the largest for the above calculations.
Exception No. 1: Where one or more instantaneous-trip circuit breakers or motor short-circuit protectors are used for motor branch-circuit short- circuit and ground-fault protection as permitted in 430.52(C), the maximum rating of each instantaneous-trip circuit breaker or motor short-circuit protector shall be assumed to have a rating not exceeding the maximum percentage of motor full-load current permitted by Table 430.52(C)( 1) for the type of feeder protective device employed.
Exception No. 2: Where the feeder overcurrent protective device also provides overcurrent protection for a motor control center, the provisions of 430.94 shall apply.
Informational Note: See Infonnative Annex D, Example D8, for an example of motor feeder circuit short-circuit and ground- fault protection rating and setting.
(B) Other Installations. Where feeder conductors have an ampacity greater than required by 430.24, the rating or setting of the feeder overcurrent. protective device shall be permitted to be based on the ampacity of the feeder conductors.
430.63 Rating or Setting - Motor Load and Other Load(s). Where a feeder supplies a motor load and other load(s), the feeder protective device shall have a rating not less than that required for the sum of the other load(s) plus the following:
(1) For a single motor, the rating permitted by 430.52
(2) For a single hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor, the rating permitted by 440.22
(3) For two or more motors, the rating permitted by 430.62
Exception: Where the feeder overcurrent device provides the overcurrent protection for a motor control center; the provisions of 430.94 shall apply.
Part VI. Motor Control Circuits
430.71 General. Part VI contains modifications of the general requirements and applies to the particular conditions of motor control circuits.
430.72 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) General. A motor control circuit tapped from the load side of a motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device(s) and functioning to control the motor(s) connected to that branch circuit shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with 430.72. Such a tapped control circuit shall not be considered to be a branch circuit and shall be permitted to be protected by cither a supplementary or branch-circuit overcurrent protective device(s). A motor control circuit other than such a tapped control circuit shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with 724.43 or the notes to Table 11(A) and Table 11 (B) in Chapter 9, as applica- blc.
(B) Conductor Protection. The overcurrent protection for conductors shall be provided as specified in 430.72(B)(1) or (B)(2).
Exception No. 1: Where the opening of the control circuit would create a hazard as, for example, the control circuit of a fire pump motor, and the like, conductors of control circuits shall require only short-circuit and
70-352
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.75
ground-fault protection and shall be permitted to be protected by the motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device(s).
Exception No. 2: Conductors supplied by the secondary side of a single- phase transformer having only a two-wire (single-voltage) secondary shall be permitted to be protected by overcurrent protection provided on the primary (supply) side of the transformer, provided this protection does not exceed the value determined by multiplying the appropriate maximum rating of the overcurrent device for the secondary conductor from Table 430.72(B)(2) by the secondary-to-primary voltage ratio. Transformer secondary conductors (other than two-wire) shall not be considered to be protected by the primary overcurrent protection.
(1) Separate Overcurrent Protection. Where the motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device does not provide protection in accordance with 430.72(B) (2), separate overcurrent protection shall be provided. The over- current protection shall not exceed the values specified in Column A of Table 430.72(B) (2).
(2) Branch-Circuit Overcurrent Protective Device. Conductors shall be permitted to be protected by the motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device and shall require only short-circuit and ground-fault protection. Where the conductors do not extend beyond the motor control equip- ment enclosure, the rating of the protective device(s) shall not exceed the value specified in Column B of Table 430.72(B) (2). Where the conductors extend beyond the motor control equip- ment enclosure, the rating of the protective device(s) shall not exceed the value specified in Column C of Table 430.72(B) (2).
(C) Control Circuit Transformer. Where a motor control circuit transformer is provided, the transformer shall be protec- ted in accordance with 430.72(C)(1), (C)(2), (C) (3), (C) (4), or (C) (5).
Exception: Overcurrent protection shall be omitted where the opening of the control circuit would create a hazard as, for example, the control circuit of a fire pump motor and the like.
(1) Class 1 Power-Limited, Class 2, or Class 3 Circuits. Where the transformer supplies a Class I power-limited circuit, the circuit shall comply with 724.30 through 724.52. Where the transformer supplies a Class 2 or Class 3 remote-control circuit,
the circuit shall comply with the requirements of Part II of Arti- clc 725.
(2) Transformers. Protection shall be permitted to be provi- ded in accordance with 450.3.
(3) Less Than 50 Volt-Amperes. Control circuit transformers rated less than 50 volt-amperes (VA) and that are an integral part of the motor controller and located within the motor controller enclosure shall be permitted to be protected by primary overcurrent devices, impedance limiting means, or other inherent protective means.
(4) Primary Less Than 2 Amperes. Where the control circuit transformer rated primary current is less than 2 amperes, an overcurrent device rated or set at not more than 500 percent of the rated primary current shall be permitted in the primary circuit.
(5) Other Means. Protection shall be permitted to be provided by other approved means.
430.73 Protection of Conductors from Physical Damage. Where damage to a motor control circuit would constitute a hazard, all conductors of such a remote motor control circuit that are outside the control device itself shall be installed in a raceway or be otherwise protected from physical damage.
430.74 Electrical Arrangement of Control Circuits. Where one conductor of the motor control circuit is grounded, the motor control circuit shall be arranged so that a ground fault in the control circuit remote from the motor controller will (1) not start the motor and (2) not bypass manually operated shut- down devices or automatic safety shutdown devices.
430.75 Disconnection.
(A) General. Motor control circuits shall be arranged so that they will be disconnected from all sources of supply when the disconnecting means is in the open position. The disconnect- ing means shall be permitted to consist of two or more separate devices, one of which disconnects the motor and the motor controller from the source(s) of power supply for the motor, and the other(s), the motor control circuit(s) from its power supply. Where separate devices are used, they shall be located immediately adjacent to cach other.
Table 430.72(B)(2) Maximum Rating of Overcurrent Protective Device in Amperes
Protection Provided by Motor Branch-Circuit Protective Device(s)
Column A Separate Protection Provided
Column B Conductors Within Enclosure
Column C Conductors Extend Beyond Enclosure
Control Circuit Conductor Size (AWG)
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
Copper
Aluminum or Copper-Clad Aluminum
18
7
25
7
16
10
40
10
14
(Note 1)
100
45
12
(Note 1)
(Note I)
120
100
60
45
10
(Note 1)
(Note I)
160
140
90
75
Larger than 10
(Note 1)
(Note I)
(Note 2)
(Note 2)
(Note 3)
(Note 3)
Notes:
1. Value specified in 310.15 as applicable.
2. 400 percent ofvalue specified in Table 310.17 for 60 conductors.
3. 300 percent ofvalue specified in Table 310.16 for 60 conductors.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-353
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
430.75
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
Exception No. 1: Where more than 12 motor control circuit conductors are required to be disconnected, the disconnecting means shall be permit- ted to be located other than immediately adjacent to each other where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Access to energized parts is limited to qualified persons in accord- ance with Part XII of this article.
(2) A warning sign is permanently located on the outside of each equipment enclosure door or cover permitting access to the live parts in the motor control circuit(s), warning that motor control circuit disconnecting means are remotely located and specifying the location and identification of each disconnect. Where ener- gized parts are not in an equipment enclosure as permitted by 430.232 and 430.233, an additional warning sign(s) shall be located where visible to persons who may be working in the area of the energized parts.
Exception No. 2: The motor control circuit disconnecting means shall be permitted to be remote from the motor controller power supply disconnect- ing means where the opening of one or more motor control circuit disconnecting means is capable of resulting in potentially unsafe condi- tions for personnel or property and the conditions of items (1) and (2) of Exception No. 1 are met.
(B) Control Transformer in Motor Controller Enclosure. Where a transformer or other device is used to obtain a reduced voltage for the motor control circuit and is located in the motor controller enclosure, such transformer or other device shall be connected to the load side of the disconnecting means for the motor control circuit.
Part VII. Motor Controllers
430.81 General. Part VII is intended to require suitable motor controllers for all motors.
(A) Stationary Motor of 1/s Horsepower or Less. For a station- ary motor rated at 1/s hp or less that is normally left running and is constructed so that it cannot be damaged by overload or failure to start, such as clock motors and the like, the branch- circuit disconnecting means shall be permitted to serve as the motor controller.
(B) Portable Motor of 1/5 Horsepower or Less. For a portable motor rated at 1/3 hp or less, the motor controller shall be permitted to be an attachment plug and receptacle or cord connector.
430.82 Motor Controller Design.
(A) Starting and Stopping. Each motor controller shall be capable of starting and stopping the motor it controls and shall be capable of interrupting the locked-rotor current of the motor.
(B) Autotransformer. An autotransformer starter shall provide an "off" position, a running position, and at least one starting position. It shall be designed so that it cannot rest in the start- ing position or in any position that will render the overload device in the circuit inoperative.
(C) Rheostats. Rhcostats shall be in compliance with the following:
(1) Motor-starting rhcostats shall be designed so that the contact arm cannot be left on intermediate segments. The point or plate on which the arm rests when in the
starting position shall have no electrical connection with the resistor.
(2) Motor-starting rhcostats for de motors operated from a constant voltage supply shall be equipped with automatic devices that will interrupt the supply before the speed of the motor has fallen to less than one-third its normal rate.
430.83 Ratings. The motor controller shall have a rating in accordance with 430.83(A), unless otherwise permitted in 430.83(B) or (C), or in accordance with (D), under the condi- tions specified.
(A) General.
(1) Horsepower Ratings. Motor controllers, other than inverse time circuit breakers and molded case switches, shall have horsepower ratings at the application voltage not lower than the horsepower rating of the motor.
(2) Circuit Breaker. A branch-circuit inverse time circuit breaker rated in amperes shall be permitted as a motor control- ler for all motors. Where this circuit breaker is also used for overload protection, it shall conform to the appropriate provi- sions of this article governing overload protection.
(3) Molded Case Switch. A molded case switch rated in amperes shall be permitted as a motor controller for all motors.
(B) Small Motors. Devices in accordance with 430.81 (A) and (B) shall be permitted as a motor controller.
(C) Stationary Motors of 2 Horsepower or Less. For stationary motors rated at 2 hp or less and 300 volts or less, the motor controller shall be permitted to be either of the following:
(1) A general-use switch having an ampere rating not less than twice the full-load current rating of the motor
(2) On ac circuits, a general-use snap switch suitable only for usc on ac (not general-use ac-dc snap switches) where the motor full-load current rating is not more than 80 percent of the ampere rating of the switch
(D) Torque Motors. For torque motors, the motor controller shall have a continuous-duty, full-load current rating not less than the nameplate current rating of the motor. For a motor controller rated in horsepower but not marked with the forego- ing current rating, the equivalent current rating shall be deter- mined from the horsepower rating by using Table 430.247, Table 430.248, Table 430.249, or Table 430.250.
(E) Voltage Rating. A motor controller with a straight voltage rating, for example, 240 volts or 480 volts, shall be permitted to be applied in a circuit in which the nominal voltage between any two conductors does not exceed the motor controller's voltage rating. A motor controller with a slash rating, for exam- plc, 120/240 volts or 480Y/277 volts, shall only be applied in a solidly grounded circuit in which the nominal voltage to ground from any conductor does not exceed the lower of the two values of the motor controller's voltage rating and the nominal voltage between any two conductors does not exceed the higher value of the motor controller's voltage rating.
(F) Short-Circuit Current Rating. A motor controller shall not be installed where the available fault current exceeds the motor controller's short-circuit current rating.
Informational Note: The short-circuit current rating might be marked on the device or might be a rating for a tested combina-
70-354
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.97
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
tion specified in the motor controller's technical manual or instruction sheet.
430.84 Need Not Open All Conductors. The motor controller shall not be required to open all conductors to the motor.
Exception: Where the motor controller serves also as a disconnecting means, it shall open all ungrounded conductors to the motor in accord- ance with 430.111.
430.85 In Grounded Conductors. Onc pole of the motor controller shall be permitted to be placed in a permanently grounded conductor if the motor controller is designed so that the pole in the grounded conductor cannot be opened without simultaneously opening all conductors of the circuit.
430.87 Number of Motors Served by Each Motor Controller. Each motor shall be provided with an individual motor control- lcr.
Exception No. 1: For motors rated 1000 volts or less, a single motor controller rated at not less than the equivalent horsepower, as deter- mined in accordance with 430.110(C)(1), of all the motors in the group shall be permitted to serve the group under any of the following conditions:
(1) Where a number of motors drive several parts of a single machine or piece of apparatus, such as metal and woodworking machines, cranes, hoists, and similar apparatus
(2) Where a group of motors is under the protection of one overcur- rent device in accordance with 430.53(A)
(3) Where a group of motors is located in a single room within sight from the motor controller location
Exception No. 2: A branch-circuit disconnecting means serving as the motor controller in accordance with 430.81(A) shall be permitted to serve more than one motor.
430.88 Adjustable-Speed Motors. Adjustable-speed motors that are controlled by means of field regulation shall be cquipped and connected so that they cannot be started under a weakened field.
Exception: Starting under a weakened field shall be permitted where the motor is designed for such starting.
430.89 Speed Limitation. Machines of the following types shall be provided with speed-limiting devices or other speed-limiting mcans:
(1) Separately excited de motors
(2) Series motors
(3) Motor-generators and converters that can be driven at excessive speed from the de end, as by a reversal of current or decrease in load
Exception: Separate speed-limiting devices or means shall not be required under either of the following conditions:
(1) Where the inherent characteristics of the machines, the system, or the load and the mechanical connection thereto are such as to safely limit the speed
(2) Where the machine is always under the manual control of a qualified operator
430.90 Combination Fuseholder and Switch as Motor Control- ler. The rating of a combination fuscholder and switch used as a motor controller shall be such that the fuscholder will accom- modate the size of the fuse specified in Part III of this article for motor overload protection.
Exception: Where fuses having time delay appropriate for the starting characteristics of the motor are used, fuseholders of smaller size than specified in Part III of this article shall be permitted.
Part VIII. Motor Control Centers
430.92 General. Part VIII covers motor control centers installed for the control of motors, lighting, and power circuits.
430.94 Overcurrent Protection. Motor control centers shall be provided with overcurrent protection in accordance with Parts I, II, and VIII of Article 240. The ampere rating or setting of the overcurrent protective device shall not exceed the rating of the common power bus. This protection shall be provided by (1) an overcurrent protective device located ahead of the motor control center or (2) a main overcurrent protective device located within the motor control center.
430.95 Service Equipment. Where used as service equipment, cach motor control center shall be provided with a single main disconnecting means to disconnect all ungrounded service conductors.
Exception No. 1: A second service disconnect shall be permitted to supply additional equipment.
Where a grounded conductor is provided, the motor control center shall be provided with a main bonding jumper, sized in accordance with 250.28(D), within one of the sections for connecting the grounded conductor, on its supply side, to the motor control center equipment ground bus.
Exception No. 2: Iligh-impedance grounded neutral systems shall be permitted to be connected as provided in 250.36.
430.96 Grounding. Multisection motor control centers shall be connected together with an equipment grounding conduc- tor or an equivalent equipment grounding bus sized in accord- ance with Table 250.122. Equipment grounding conductors shall be connected to this equipment grounding bus or to a grounding termination point provided in a single-section motor control center.
430.97 Busbars and Conductors.
(A) Support and Arrangement. Busbars shall be protected from physical damage and be held firmly in place. Other than for required interconnections and control wiring, only those conductors that are intended for termination in a vertical section shall be located in that section.
Exception: Conductors shall be permitted to travel horizontally through vertical sections where such conductors are isolated from the busbars by a barrier.
(B) Phase Arrangement. The phase arrangement on 3-phase horizontal common power and vertical buses shall be A, B, C from front to back, top to bottom, or left to right, as viewed from the front of the motor control center. The B phase shall be that phase having the higher voltage to ground on 3-phase, 4-wirc, delta-connected systems. Other busbar arrangements shall be permitted for additions to existing installations and shall be marked.
Exception: Rear-mounted units connected to a vertical bus that is common to front-mounted units shall be permitted to have a C, B, A phase arrangement where properly identified.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-355
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.97
ARTICLE 430 -MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
(C) Minimum Wire-Bending Space. The minimum wire- bending space at the motor control center terminals and mini- mum gutter space shall be in accordance with 312.6.
(D) Spacings. Spacings between motor control center bus terminals and other bare metal parts shall not be less than specified in Table 430.97(D).
(E) Barriers. Barriers shall be placed in all service-entrance motor control centers to isolate service busbars and terminals from the remainder of the motor control center.
430.98 Marking.
(A) Motor Control Centers. Motor control centers shall be marked according to 110.21, and the marking shall be plainly visible after installation. Marking shall also include common power bus current rating and motor control center short- circuit current rating.
(B) Motor Control Units. Motor control units in a motor control center shall comply with 430.8.
430.99 Available Fault Current. The available fault current at the motor control center and the date the available fault current calculation was performed shall be documented and made available to those authorized to inspect, install, or main- tain the installation.
Part IX. Disconnecting Means
430.101 General. Part IX is intended to require disconnecting means capable of disconnecting motors and motor controllers from the circuit.
430.102 Location.
(A) Motor Controller. An individual disconnecting means shall be provided for cach motor controller and shall discon- nect the motor controller. The disconnecting means shall be located in sight from the motor controller location.
Exception No. 1: For motor circuits over 1000 volts, nominal, a motor controller disconnecting means lockable in accordance with 110.25 shall be permitted to be out of sight of the motor controller if the motor controller is marked with a label giving the location of the disconnecting means.
Exception No. 2: A single disconnecting means shall be permitted for a group of coordinated motor controllers that drive several parts of a single machine or piece of apparatus. The disconnecting means shall be located in sight from the motor controllers, and both the disconnecting means and the motor controllers shall be located in sight from the machine or apparatus.
Exception No. 3: The disconnecting means shall not be required to be in sight from valve actuator motor (VAM) assemblies containing the motor controller where such a location introduces additional or increased hazards to persons or property and the following conditions are met:
(1) The valve actuator motor assembly is marked with a label giving the location of the disconnecting means.
(2) The disconnecting means is lockable in accordance with 110.25.
(B) Motor. A disconnecting means shall be provided for a motor in accordance with 430.102(B) (1) or (B) (2).
(1) Separate Motor Disconnect. A disconnecting means for the motor shall be located in sight from the motor location and the driven machinery location.
(2) Motor Controller Disconnect. The motor controller disconnecting means required in accordance with 430.102(A) shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means for the motor if it is in sight from the motor location and the driven machinery location.
Exception to (1) and (2): The disconnecting means for the motor shall not be required under either of the following conditions if the motor controller disconnecting means required in 430.102(A) is lockable in accordance with 110.25:
(1) Where such a location of the disconnecting means for the motor is impracticable or introdures additional or increased hazards to persons or property
Informnational Note No. 1: Some examples of increased or addi- tional hazards include, but are not limited to, motors rated in excess of 100 hp, multimotor equipment, submersible motors, motors associated with adjustable-speed drives, and motors loca- ted in hazardous (classified) locations.
(2) In industrial installations, with written safety procedures, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the equipment
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 70E-2021, Standard for Eler- trical Safety in the Workplace, for information on lockout/tagout procedures.
430.103 Operation. The disconnecting means shall open all ungrounded supply conductors and shall be designed so that no pole can be operated independently. The disconnecting means shall be permitted in the same enclosure with the motor controller. The disconnecting means shall be designed so that it cannot be closed automatically.
Informational Note: See 430.113 for equipment receiving energy from more than one source.
430.104 To Be Indicating. The disconnecting means shall plainly indicate whether it is in the open (off) or closed (on) position.
Table 430.97(D) Minimum Spacing Between Bare Metal Parts
Opposite Polarity Where Mounted on the Same Surface
Opposite Polarity Where Held Free in Air
Live Parts to Ground
Nominal Voltage
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
Not over 125 volts, nominal
19.1
12.7
12.7
1%
Not over 250 volts, nominal
31.8
19.1
3/
12.7
Not over 600 volts, nominal
50.8
2
25.4
I
25.4
I
70-356
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.110
430.105 Grounded Conductors. One pole of the disconnect- ing means shall be permitted to disconnect a permanently grounded conductor, provided the disconnecting means is designed so that the pole in the grounded conductor cannot be opened without simultaneously disconnecting all conduc- tors of the circuit.
430.107 Readily Accessible. At least one of the disconnecting means shall be readily accessible.
430.108 Every Disconnecting Means. Every disconnecting means in the motor circuit between the point of attachment to the feeder or branch circuit and the point of connection to the motor shall comply with the requirements of 430.109 and 430.110.
430.109 Type. The disconnecting means shall be a type in accordance with 430.109(A), unless otherwise permitted in 430.109(B) through (G), under the conditions specified.
(A) General.
(1) Motor-Circuit Switch. A listed motor-circuit switch rated in horsepower.
(2) Molded Case Circuit Breaker. A listed molded case circuit breaker.
(3) Molded Case Switch. A listed molded case switch.
(4) Instantaneous-Trip Circuit Breaker. An instantancous-trip circuit breaker that is part of a listed combination motor controller.
(5) Self-Protected Combination Motor Controller. Listed self- protected combination motor controller.
(6) Manual Motor Controller. Listed manual motor controllers additionally marked "Suitable as Motor Disconnect" shall be permitted as a disconnecting means where installed between the final motor branch-circuit short-circuit protective device and the motor. Listed manual motor controllers additionally marked "Suitable as Motor Disconnect" shall be permitted as disconnecting means on the line side of the fuses in accord- ance with 430.52(C) (5). In this case, the fuses permitted in 430.52(C)(5) shall be considered supplementary fuses, and suitable branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective devices shall be installed on the line side of the manual motor controller additionally marked "Suitable as Motor Disconnect."
(7) System Isolation Equipment. System isolation equipment shall be listed for disconnection purposes. System isolation equipment shall be installed on the load side of the overcur- rent protection and its disconnecting means. The disconnect- ing means shall be one of the types permitted by 430.109(A) (1) through (A) (3).
(B) Stationary Motors of 1/s Horsepower or Less. For station- ary motors of 1/5 hp or less, the branch-circuit overcurrent device shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means.
(C) Stationary Motors of 2 Horsepower or Less. For stationary motors rated at 2 hp or less and 300 volts or less, the discon- necting means shall be permitted to be one of the following devices:
(1) A general-use switch having an ampere rating not less than twice the full-load current rating of the motor
(2) On ac circuits, a general-use snap switch suitable only for use on ac (not general-use ac-dc snap switches) where
the motor full-load current rating is not more than 80 percent of the ampere rating of the switch
(3) A listed manual motor controller having a horsepower rating not less than the rating of the motor and marked "Suitable as Motor Disconnect"
(D) Autotransformer-Type Controlled Motors. For motors of over 2 hp up to and including 100 hp, the separate disconnect- ing means required for a motor with an autotransformer-type motor controller shall be permitted to be a general-use switch where all of the following provisions are met:
(1) The motor drives a generator that is provided with over- load protection.
(2) The motor controller is capable of interrupting the locked-rotor current of the motors, is provided with a no voltage release, and is provided with running overload protection not exceeding 125 percent of the motor full- load current rating.
(3) Separate fuses or an inverse time circuit breaker rated or sct at not more than 150 percent of the motor full-load current is provided in the motor branch circuit.
(E) Isolating Switches. For stationary motors rated at more than 40 hp dc or 100 hp ac, the disconnecting means shall be permitted to be a general-use or isolating switch where plainly marked "Do not operate under load."
(F) Cord-and-Plug-Connected Motors. For a cord-and-plug- connected motor, a horsepower-rated attachment plug and receptacle, flanged surface inlet and cord connector, or attach- ment plug and cord connector having ratings not less than the motor ratings shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means. Horsepower-rated attachment plugs, flanged surface inlets, receptacles, or cord connectors shall not be required for cord-and-plug-connected appliances in accordance with 422.33, room air conditioners in accordance with 440.63, or portable motors rated 1/3 hp or less.
(G) Torque Motors. For torque motors, the disconnecting means shall be permitted to be a general-use switch.
430.110 Current Rating and Interrupting Capacity.
(A) General. The disconnecting means for motor circuits rated 1000 volts, nominal, or less shall have a current rating not less than 115 percent of the full-load current rating of the motor.
Exception: A listed unfused motor-circuit switch having a horsepower rating not less than the motor horsepower shall be permitted to have a current rating less than 115 percent of the full-load current rating of the motor.
(B) For Torque Motors. Disconnecting means for a torque motor shall have a current rating of at least 115 percent of the motor nameplate current.
(C) For Combination Loads. Where two or more motors are used together or where one or more motors are used in combi- nation with other loads, such as resistance heaters, and where the combined load can be simultancous on a single disconnect- ing means, the current and horsepower ratings of the combined load shall be determined in accordance with 430.110(C) (1) through (C) (3).
(1) Horsepower Rating. The rating of the disconnecting means shall be determined from the sum of all currents, including resistance loads, at the full-load condition and also at
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-357
ARTICLE 430 -MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.110
the locked-rotor condition. The combined full-load current and the combined locked-rotor current so obtained shall be considered as a single motor for the purpose of this require- ment.
The full-load current equivalent to the horsepower rating of cach motor shall be selected from Table 430.247, Table 430.248, Table 430.249, or Table 430.250. These full-load currents shall be added to the rating in amperes of other loads to obtain an equivalent full-load current for the combined load.
The locked-rotor current equivalent to the horsepower rating of cach motor shall be selected from Table 430.251(A) or Table 430.251 (B). The locked-rotor currents shall be added to the rating in amperes of other loads to obtain an equivalent locked-rotor current for the combined load. Where two or more motors or other loads cannot be started simultaneously, the largest sum of locked-rotor currents of a motor or group of motors that can be started simultaneously and the full-load currents of other concurrent loads shall be permitted to be used to determine the equivalent locked-rotor current for the simultaneous combined loads. In cases where different current ratings are obtained when applying these tables, the largest valuc obtained shall be used.
Exception No. 1: The locked-rotor current equivalent to the horsepower rating of each polyphase motor with design letter A shall be one of following:
(1) If available, the motor's marked value of locked-rotor amperes
(2) In the absence of a marked value of locked-rotor amperes for the motor, the value calculated from Equation 430.110(C)(1 )a:
[430.110(C)(1)a]
KVA (1000x motor's marked value of' rated horsepower).
locked-rotoramperes = X (motor's marked value of rated volts)x(15)
where: kVA/hp = maximum range value of kilovolt-amperes per horse- power with locked rotor in Table 430.7(B) associated with the motor's marked locked-rotor indicating code letter
Informational Note: Equation 430.110(C) (1)a is obtained by solving for locked-rotor amperes in the formula for "kilovolt- amperes per horsepower with locked rotor," as follows:
[430.110(C)(1)b]
kVA
(3) x(motor's marked value of rated volts) x(locked-rotor amperes)
hp (1000xmotor's marked value of rated horsepower)
The numerator of Equation 430.110(C) (1) b for kilovolt- amperes per horsepower is the apparent power input to a three- phase motor with locked rotor in units of volt-amperes. The factor of 1000 VA/kVA in the denominator converts this value to units of kilovolt-amperes and "(marked value of rated horse- power)" in the denominator converts this to kilovolt-amperes per horsepower. Note that "motor's marked value of rated volts" is a line-to-line value and "locked-rotor amperes" is a line value as opposed to a phase value.
Exception No. 2: Where part of the concurrent load is resistance load, and where the disconnecting means is a switch rated in horsepower and current, the switch used shall be permitted to have a horsepower rating not less than the combined load of the motor(s) if the current rating of
the switch is not less than the locked-rotor current of the motor(s) plus the resistance load.
(2) Current Rating. The current rating of the disconnecting means shall not be less than 115 percent of the sum of all currents at the full-load condition determined in accordance with 430.110(C) (1).
Exception: A listed nonfused motor-circuit switch having a horsepower rating equal to or greater than the equivalent horsepower of the combined loads, determined in accordance with 430.110(C)(1), shall be permitted to have a current rating less than 115 percent of the sum of all currents at the full-load condition.
(3) Small Motors. For small motors not covered by Table 430.247, Table 430.248, Table 430.249, or Table 430.250, the locked-rotor current shall be assumed to be six times the full- load current.
430.111 Switch or Circuit Breaker as Both Motor Controller and Disconnecting Means. A switch 'or circuit breaker shall be permitted to be used as both the motor controller and discon- necting means if it complies with 430.111(A) and is one of the types specified in 430.111 (B).
(A) General. The switch or circuit breaker complies with the requirements for'motor controllers specified in 430.83, opens all ungrounded conductors to the motor, and is protected by an overcurrent device in cach ungrounded conductor (which shall be permitted to be the branch-circuit fuses). The overcur- rent device protecting the motor controller shall be permitted to be part of the motor controller assembly or shall be permit- ted to be separate. An autotransformer-type motor controller shall be provided with a separate disconnecting means.
(B) Type. The device shall be one of the types specified in 430.111(B)(1), (B)(2), or (B)(3).
(1) Air-Break Switch. An air-break switch, operable directly by applying the hand to a lever or handle.
(2) Inverse Time Circuit Breaker. An inverse time circuit breaker operable directly by applying the hand to a lever or handle. The circuit breaker shall be permitted to be both power-operable and manually operable.
(3) Oil Switch. An oil switch used on a circuit whose rating does not exceed 1000 volts or 100 amperes, or by special permission on a circuit exceeding this capacity where under expert supervision. The oil switch shall be permitted to be both power-operable and manually operable.
430.112 Motors Served by Single Disconnecting Means. Each motor shall be provided with an individual disconnecting means.
Exception: A single disconnecting means shall be permitted to serve a group of motors under any one of the conditions of (1), (2), and (3). The single disconnecting means shall be rated in accordance with 430.110(C).
(1) Where a number of motors drive several parts of a single machine or piere of apparatus, such as metal- and woodworking machines, cranes, and hoists.
(2) Where a group of motors is under the protection of one set of branch-circuit protective devices as permitted by 430.53(A).
(3) Where a group of motors is in a single room within sight from the location of the disconnecting means.
70-358
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.126
ARTICLE 430- MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.113 Energy from More Than One Source. Motor and motor-operated equipment receiving electric energy from more than one source shall be provided with disconnecting mcans from cach source of electric energy immediately adja- cent to the equipment served. Each source shall be permitted to have a separate disconnecting means. Where multiple disconnecting means are provided, a permanent warning sign shall be provided on or adjacent to cach disconnecting means indicating that multiple sources must be shut off to remove all power to the equipment. The sign at cach disconnect shall identify the other specific circuits.
Exception No. 1: Where a motor receives electric energy from more than one source, the disconnecting means for the main power supply to the motor shall not be required to be immediately adjacent to the motor if the motor controller disconnecting means is lockable in accordance with 110.25.
Exception No. 2: A separate disconnecting means shall not be required for a Class 2 remote-control circuit complying with Parts I and II of Article 725, rated not more than 30 volts, and isolated and ungroun- ded.
Part X. Adjustable-Speed Drive Systems
430.120 General. The installation requirements for Part I through Part IX are applicable unless modified or supplemen- ted by Part X.
Power conversion equipment used in adjustable-speed drive systems shall comply with Part X for an input or output rated 1000 volts or lower and with Part XI for an input or output rated over 1000 volts.
430.122 Conductors - Minimum Size and Ampacity.
(A) Branch/Feeder Circuit Conductors. Circuit conductors supplying power conversion equipment included as part of an adjustable-speed drive system shall have an ampacity not less than 125 percent of the rated input current to the power conversion equipment.
Informational Note: Power conversion equipment can have multiple power ratings and corresponding input currents.
(B) Output Conductors. The conductors between the power conversion equipment and the motor shall have an ampacity cqual to or larger than 125 percent of the motor full-load current as determined by 430.6(A) or (B).
Exception: If the power conversion equipment is listed and marked as "Suitable for Output Motor Conductor Protection, " the conductor between the power conversion equipment and the motor shall have an ampacity equal to or greater than the larger of the following:
(1) 125 percent of the motor full-load current as determined by 430.6(A) or (B)
(2) The ampacity of the minimum conductor size marked on the power conversion equipment
Informational Note No. 1: See 430.130 and 430.131 for branch circuit protection requirements. The minimum ampacity required of output conductors is often different than that of the conductors supplying the power conversion equipment.
Informational Note No. 2: Circuit conductors on the output of an adjustable-speed drive system are susceptible to breakdown under certain conditions due to the characteristics of the output waveform of the drive. Factors affecting the conductors include, but are not limited to, the output voltage, frequency, and
current; the length of the conductors; the spacing between the conductors; and the dielectric strength of the conductor insula- tion. Methods to mitigate breakdown include consideration of one or more of these factors.
(C) Bypass Device. The ampacity of circuit conductors supply- ing power conversion equipment included as part of an adjustable-speed drive system that utilizes a bypass device shall be the larger of either of the following:
(1) 125 percent of the rated input current to the power conversion equipment
(2) 125 percent of the motor full-load current rating deter- mined in accordance with 430.6
(D) Several Motors or a Motor and Other Loads. Conductors supplying several motors or a motor and other loads, including power conversion equipment, shall have ampacity in accord- ance with 430.24, using the rated input current of the power conversion equipment for purposes of calculating ampacity.
430.124 Overload Protection. Overload protection of the motor shall be provided.
(A) Included in Power Conversion Equipment. Where the power conversion equipment is marked to indicate that motor overload protection is included, additional overload protection shall not be required.
(B) Bypass Circuits. For adjustable-speed drive systems that utilize a bypass device to allow motor operation at rated full- load speed, motor overload protection as described in Article 430, Part III, shall be provided in the bypass circuit.
(C) Multiple Motor Applications. For multiple motor applica- tion, individual motor overload protection shall be provided in accordance with Article 430, Part III.
430.126 Motor Overtemperature Protection.
(A) General. Adjustable-speed drive systems shall protect against motor overtemperature conditions where the motor is not rated to operate at the nameplate rated current over the speed range required by the application. This protection shall be provided in addition to the conductor protection required in 430.32. Protection shall be provided by one of the following mcans:
(1) Motor thermal protector in accordance with 430.32
(2) Adjustable-speed drive system with load and speed- sensitive overload protection and thermal memory reten- tion upon shutdown or power loss
Exception to (2): Thermal memory retention upon shutdown or power loss is not required for continuous duty loads.
(3) Overtemperature protection relay utilizing thermal sensors embedded in the motor and meeting the require- ments of 430.126(A) (2)
(4) Thermal sensor embedded in the motor whose communi- cations are received and acted upon by an adjustable- speed drive system
Informational Note: The relationship between motor current and motor temperature changes when the motor is operated by an adjustable-speed drive. In certain applications, overheating of motors can occur when operated at reduced speed, even at current levels less than a motor's rated full-load current. The overheating can be the result of reduced motor cooling when its shaft-mounted fan is operating less than rated nameplate RPM. As part of the analysis to determine whether overheating will occur, it is necessary to consider the continuous torque capabil-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-359
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
430.126
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
ity curves for the motor given the application requirements. This will assist in determining whether the motor overload protection will be able, on its own, to provide protection against overheating. These overheating protection requirements are only intended to apply to applications where an adjustable- speed drive, as defined in Article 100, is used.
For motors that utilize external forced air or liquid cooling systems, overtemperature can occur if the cooling system is not operating. Although this issue is not unique to adjustable speed applications, externally cooled motors are most often encoun- tered with such applications. In these instances, overtempera- ture protection using direct temperature sensing is recommended [i.e., 430.126(A) (1), (A) (3), or (A) (4)], or addi- tional means should be provided to ensure that the cooling system is operating (flow or pressure sensing, interlocking of adjustable-speed drive system and cooling system, etc.).
(B) Multiple Motor Applications. For multiple motor applica- tions, individual motor overtemperature protection shall be provided as required in 430.126(A).
(C) Automatic Restarting and Orderly Shutdown. 430.43 and 430.44 shall apply to the motor overtemperature protection mcans.
430.128 Disconnecting Means. The disconnecting means shall be permitted to be in the incoming line to the conversion equipment and shall have a rating not less than 115 percent of the rated input current of the conversion unit.
430.130 Branch-Circuit Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protec- tion for Single Motor Circuits Containing Power Conversion Equipment.
(A) Circuits Containing Power Conversion Equipment. Circuits containing power conversion equipment shall be protected by a branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device in accordance with all of the following:
(1) The rating and type of protection shall be determined by 430.52(C) (1), (C)(3), (C) (5), or (C) (6), using the full- load current rating of the motor load as determined by 430.6(A) or (B).
Exception to (1): The rating and type of protection shall be permitted to be determined by Table 430.52(C)(1) using the power conversion equi- pment's rated input current where the power conversion equipment is listed and marked "Suitable for Output Motor Conductor Protection."
Informational Note No. 1: Motor conductor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection from the power conversion equipment to the motor is provided by power conversion equipment that is listed and marked "Suitable for Output Motor Conductor Protection."
Informational Note No. 2: A motor branch circuit using power conversion equipment, including equipment listed and marked "Suitable for Output Motor Conductor Protection," includes the input circuit to the power conversion equipment.
(2) Where maximum branch-circuit short-circuit and ground- fault protective ratings are stipulated for specific device types in the manufacturer's instructions for the power conversion equipment or are otherwise marked on the equipment, they shall not be exceeded even if higher values are permitted by 430.130(A) (1).
(3) A self-protected combination motor controller shall only be permitted where specifically identified in the manufac- turer's instructions for the power conversion equipment or if otherwise marked on the equipment.
Informational Note No. 3: The type of protective device, its rating, and its setting are often marked on or provided with the power conversion equipment.
(4) Where an instantancous-trip circuit breaker or semicon- ductor fuses are permitted in accordance with the drive manufacturer's instructions for use as the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device for listed power conversion equipment, they shall be provided as an integral part of a single listed assembly incorporating both the protective device and power conversion equip- ment.
(B) Bypass Circuit/Device. Branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection shall also be provided for a bypass circuit/device(s). Where a single branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device is provided for circuits containing both power conversion equipment and a bypass circuit, the branch-circuit protective device type and its rating or setting shall be in accordance with those determined for the power conversion equipment and for the bypass circuit/ device (s) equipment.
430.131 Several Motors or Loads on One Branch Circuit Including Power Conversion Equipment. For installations meeting all the requirements of 430.53 that include one or more power converters, the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective fuses or inverse time circuit breakers shall be of a type and rating or setting permitted for use with the power conversion equipment using the full-load current rating of the connected motor load in accordance with 430.53. For the purposes of 430.53 and 430.131, power conversion equipment shall be considered to be a motor controller.
Part XI. Over 1000 Volts, Nominal
430.201 General. Part XI recognizes the additional hazard due to the use of higher voltages. It adds to or amends the other provisions of this article.
430.202 Marking on Motor Controllers. In addition to the marking required by 430.8, a motor controller shall be marked with the control voltage.
430.203 Raceway Connection to Motors. Flexible metal conduit or liquidtight flexible metal conduit not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) in length shall be permitted to be employed for raceway connection to a motor terminal enclosure.
430.204 Wire-Bending Space in Enclosures. Motor controllers rated over 1000 volts shall provide wire-bending space within the enclosure for conductors installed in accordance with 305.5.
430.205 Size of Conductors. The ampacities of conductors supplying equipment rated over 1000 volts, nominal, shall be determined in accordance with 315.60or 430.205(A) and (B).
(A) General Motor Systems. Conductors supplying motors shall be sized not less than the current trip setting of the motor overload protective device(s).
(B) Adjustable-Speed Drive Systems. For an adjustable-speed drive system, the conductors supplying the power conversion equipment shall have an ampacity not less than 125 percent of the rated input current to the power conversion equipment.
70-360
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
430.242
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.206 Motor-Circuit Overcurrent Protection.
(A) General. Each motor circuit shall include coordinated protection to automatically interrupt overload and fault currents in the motor, the motor-circuit conductors, and the motor control apparatus. Adjustable-speed drive systems with input or output voltages over 1000 volts, nominal, shall comply with 430.124 and 430.126. All other motors shall comply with 430.206(B) through (C).
Exception: Where a motor is critical to an operation and the motor should operate to failure if necessary to prevent a greater hazard to persons, the sensing device(s) shall be permitted to be connected to a supervised annunciator or alarm instead of interrupting the motor circuit.
(B) Overload Protection.
(1) Type of Overload Device. Each motor shall be protected against dangerous heating due to motor overloads and failure to start by a thermal protector integral with the motor or exter- nal current-sensing devices, or both. Protective device settings for cach motor circuit shall be determined under engineering supervision.
(2) Wound-Rotor Alternating-Current Motors. The secondary circuits of wound-rotor ac motors, including conductors, motor controllers, and resistors rated for the application, shall be considered as protected against overcurrent by the motor over- load protection means.
(3) Operation. Operation of the overload interrupting device shall simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded conductors.
(4) Automatic Reset. Overload sensing devices shall not auto- matically reset after trip unless resetting of the overload sensing device does not cause automatic restarting of the motor or there is no hazard to persons created by automatic restarting of the motor and its connected machinery.
(C) Fault-Current Protection.
(1) Type of Protection. Fault-current protection shall be provi- ded in cach motor circuit as specified by cither 430.206(C) (1) (a) or (C) (1) (b).
(a) A circuit breaker of suitable type and rating arranged so that it can be serviced without hazard. The circuit breaker shall simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded conductors. The circuit breaker shall be permitted to sense the fault current by means of integral or external sensing elements.
(b) Fuses of a suitable type and rating placed in cach ungrounded conductor. Fuses shall be used with suitable disconnecting means, or they shall be of a type that can also serve as the disconnecting means. They shall be arranged so that they cannot be serviced while they are energized.
(2) Reclosing. Fault-current interrupting devices shall not automatically reclose the circuit.
Exception: Automatic reclosing of a circuit shall be permitted where the circuit is exposed to transient faults and where such automatic reclosing does not create a hazard to persons.
(3) Combination Protection. Overload protection and fault- current protection shall be permitted to be provided by the same device.
430.207 Rating of Motor Control Apparatus. The ultimate trip current of overcurrent (overload) relays or other motor- protective devices used shall not exceed 115 percent of the
motor controller's continuous current rating. Where the motor branch-circuit disconnecting means is separate from the motor controller, the disconnecting means current rating shall not be less than the ultimate trip setting of the overcurrent relays in the circuit.
430.208 Disconnecting Means. The motor controller discon- necting means shall be a switch or circuit breaker having a volt- age rating not less than that of the circuit involved, and shall be lockable in accordance with 110.25. The disconnecting means shall have a current rating of not less than 100 percent of the full-load current rating of the motor. For adjustable-speed drive systems, the disconnecting means shall have a current rating not less than 100 percent of the rated input current of the power conversion equipment.
Part XII. Protection of Live Parts - All Voltages
430.231 General. Part XII specifics that live parts shall be protected in an approved manner for the hazard involved.
430.232 Where Required. Exposed live parts of motors and motor controllers operating at 50 volts or more between termi- nals shall be guarded against accidental contact by enclosure or by location as follows:
(1) By installation in a room or enclosure that is accessible only to qualified persons
(2). By installation on a suitable balcony, gallery, or platform, elevated and arranged so as to exclude unqualified persons
(3) By clevation 2.5 m (8 ft) or more above the floor
Exception: Live parts of motors operating at more than 50 volts between terminals shall not require additional guarding for stationary motors that have commutators, collectors, and brush rigging located inside of motor-end brackets and not conductively connected to supply circuits operating at more than 150 volts to guund.
430.233 Guards for Attendants. Where live parts of motors or motor controllers operating at over 50 volts to ground are guar- ded against accidental contact only by location as specified in 430.232, and where adjustment or other attendance could be necessary during the operation of the apparatus, suitable insu- lating mats or platforms shall be provided so that the attendant cannot readily touch live parts unless standing on the mats or platforms.
Informational Note: See 110.26 and 110.34 for information on working space.
Part XIII. Grounding - All Voltages
430.241 General. Part XIII specifics the grounding of exposed non-current-carrying metal parts, likely to become energized, of motor and motor controller frames to limit voltage to ground in the event of accidental contact between energized parts and frames. Insulation, isolation, or guarding are suitable alternatives to grounding of motors under certain conditions.
430.242 Stationary Motors. The frames of stationary motors shall be grounded under any of the following conditions:
(1) Where supplied by metal-enclosed wiring
(2) Where in a wet location and not isolated or guarded
(3) If in a hazardous (classified) location
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-361
430.243
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
(4) If the motor operates with any terminal at over 150 volts to ground
Where the frame of the motor is not grounded, it shall be permanently and effectively insulated from the ground.
430.243 Portable Motors. The frames of portable motors that operate over 150 volts to ground shall be guarded or groun- ded.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.114(4) for grounding of portable appliances in other than residential occupancies.
Informational Note No. 2: See 250.119(D) for color of equip- ment grounding conductor in flexible cords.
Exception No. 1: Listed motor-operated tools, listed motor-operated appliances, and listed motor-operated equipment shall not be required to be grounded where protected by a system of double insulation or its equivalent. Double-insulated equipment shall be distinctively marked.
Exception No. 2: Listed motor-operated tools, listed motor-operated appliances, and listed motor-operated equipment connected by a cord and attachment plug other than those required to be grounded in arcordance with 250.114.
430.244 Motor Controllers. Motor controller enclosures shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor regard- less of voltage. Motor controller enclosures shall have means for attachment of an equipment grounding conductor termina- tion in accordance with 250.8.
Exception: Enclosures attached to ungrounded portable equipment shall not be required to be grounded.
430.245 Method of Grounding. Connection to the equipment grounding conductor shall be done in accordance with Part VI of Article 250.
(A) Grounding Through Terminal Housings. Where the wiring to motors is metal-enclosed cable or in metal raceways, junction boxes to house motor terminals shall be provided, and the armor of the cable or the metal raceways shall be connected to them in accordance with 250.96(A) and 250.97.
(B) Separation of Junction Box from Motor. The junction box required by 430.245(A) shall be permitted to be separated from the motor by not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) if the leads to the motor are stranded conductors within Type AC cable, inter- locked metal tape Type MC cable where listed and identified in accordance with 250.118(A) (10)b., or armored cord or arc stranded leads enclosed in liquidtight flexible metal conduit, flexible metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid metal conduit, or electrical metallic tubing not smaller than metric designator 12 (trade size 3/%), with the armor or raceway being connected both to the motor and to the box.
Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit and rigid nonmetal- lic conduit shall be permitted to enclose the leads to the motor if the leads are stranded and the required equipment ground- ing conductor is connected to both the motor and to the box.
Where stranded leads are used, protected as specified above, cach strand within the conductor shall be not larger than 10 AWG and shall comply with other requirements of this Code for conductors to be used in raceways.
(C) Grounding of Motor Controller-Mounted Devices. Instru- ment transformer secondaries and exposed non-current- carrying metal or other conductive parts or cases of instrument transformers, meters, instruments, and relays shall be groun- ded in accordance with 250.170 through 250.178.
Part XIV. Tables
Table 430.247 Full-Load Current in Amperes, Direct-Current Motors The following values of full-load currents* are for motors running at base speed.
Armature Voltage Rating*
Horsepower
90 Volts
120 Volts
180 Volts
240 Volts
500 Volts
550 Volts
4.0
3.1
2.0
I.6
5.2
4.1
2.6
2.0
1%,
6.8
5.4
3.4
2.7
9.6
7.6
4.8
3.8
1
12.2
9.5
6.1
4.7
13.2
8.3
6.6
2
17
10.8
8.5
3
25
16
12.2
5
40
27
20
7%
58
29
13.6
12.2
10
76
38
18
16
15
55
27
24
20
72
34
31
25
89
43
38
30
1
106
51
46
40
140
67
61
50
173
83
75
60
206
99
90
75
255
123
111
100
341
164
148
125
425
205
185
150
506
246
222
200
675
330
294
*These are average dc quantities.
70-362
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 430- MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
430.245
Table 430.248 Full-Load Currents in Amperes, Single-Phase Alternating-Current Motors
The following values of full-load currents are for motors running at usual speeds and motors with normal torque characteristics. The voltages listed are rated motor voltages. The currents listed shall be permitted for system voltage ranges of 110 to 120 and 220 to 240 volts.
Horsepower
115 Volts
200 Volts
208 Volts
230 Volts
%
4.4
2.5
2.4
2.2
1/4
5.8
3.3
3.2
2.9
1/3
7.2
4.1
4.0
3.6
1%
9.8
5.6
5.4
4.9
1
16
9.2
8.8
8.0
11/
20
11.5
11.0
10
2
24
13.8
13.2
12
3
34
19.6
18.7
17
5
56
32.2
30.8
28
71/2
80
46.0
44.0
40
10
100
57.5
55.0
50
Table 430.249 Full-Load Current, Two-Phase Alternating- Current Motors (4-Wire)
The following values of full-load current are for motors running at speeds usual for belted motors and motors with normal torque characteristics. Current in the common conductor of a 2-phase, 3-wire system will be 1.41 times the valuc given. The voltages listed are rated motor voltages. The currents listed shall be permitted for system voltage ranges of 110 to 120, 220 to 240, 440 to 480, 550 to 600, and 2300 to 2400 volts.
Induction-Type Squirrel Cage and Wound Rotor (Amperes)
Horsepower
115 Volts
230 Volts
460 Volts
575 Volts
2300 Volts
4.0
2.0
1.0
0.8
3/
4.8
2.4
1.2
1.0
1
6.4
3.2
1.6
1.3
11/4
9.0
4.5
2.3
1.8
2
11.8
5.9
3.0
2.4
3
8.3
4.2
3.3
5
13.2
6.6
5.3
24
30
69
35
28
40
90
45
36
50
113
56
45
60
133
67
53
14
75
166
83
66
18
100
218
109
87
23
125
270
135
108
28
150
312
156
125
32
200
416
208
167
43
10
24
12
10
15
36
18
14
20
47
23
19
25
59
29
13.8
7.9
7.6
6.9
19
9.0
8.0
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-363
430.245
ARTICLE 430 - MOTORS, MOTOR CIRCUITS, AND CONTROLLERS
Table 430.250 Full-Load Current, Three-Phase Alternating-Current Motors
The following values of full-load currents are typical for motors running at speeds usual for belted motors and motors with normal torque characteristics. The voltages listed are rated motor voltages. The currents listed shall be permitted for system voltage ranges of 110 to 120, 220 to 240, 440 to 480, 550 to 600, and 2300 to 2400 volts.
Induction-Type Squirrel Cage and Wound Rotor (Amperes)
Synchronous-Type Unity Power Factor* (Amperes)
Horsepower
115 Volts 200 Volts 208 Volts 230 Volts 460 Volts 575 Volts 2300 Volts
230 Volts 460 Volts 575 Volts 2300 Volts
4.4
2.5
2.4
2.2
1.1
0.9
6.4
3.7
3.5
3.2
1.6
1.3
1
8.4
4.8
4.6
4.2
2.1
1.7
11/2
12.0
6.9
6.6
6.0
3.0
2.4
2
13.6
7.8
7.5
6.8
3.4
2.7
3
11.0
10.6
9.6
4.8
3.9
5
17.5
16.7
15.2
7.6
6.1
71/9
25.3
24.2
22
11
9
10
32.2
30.8
28
14
11
15
48.3
46.2
42
21
17
20
62.1
59.4
54
27
22
25
78.2
74.8
68
34
27
53
26
21
30
92
88
80
40
32
63
32
26
40
120
114
104
52
41
83
41
33
50
150
143
130
65
52
104
52
42
60
177
169
154
77
62
16
123
61
49
12
75
221
211
192
96
77
20
155
78
62
15
100
285
273
248
124
99
26
202
101
81
20
125
359
343
312
156
125
31
253
126
101
25
150
414
396
360
180
144
37
302
151
121
30
200
552
528
480
240
192
49
400
201
161
40
250
*For 90 and 80 percent power factor, the figures shall be multiplied by 1.1 and 1.25, respectively.
Table 430.251(A) Conversion Table of Single-Phase Locked-Rotor Currents for Selection of Disconnecting Means and Controllers as Determined from Horsepower and Voltage Rating For use only with 430.110, 440.12, 440.41, and 455.8(C).
Maximum Locked-Rotor Current in Amperes, Single-Phase
Rated Horsepower
115 Volts
208 Volts
230 Volts
58.8
32.5
29.4
3/2
82.8
45.8
41.4
1
96
53
48
11/2
120
66
60
2
144
80
72
3
204
113
102
5
336
186
168
71/2
480
265
240
10
1000
332
300
300
289
72
350
400
477
382
95
450
515
412
103
500
590
472
118
302
242
60
361
414
336
83
70-364
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
440.4
ARTICLE 440 -AIR-CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATING EQUIPMENT
Table 430.251(B) Conversion Table of Polyphase Design B, C, and D Maximum Locked-Rotor Currents for Selection of Disconnecting Means and Controllers as Determined from Horsepower and Voltage Rating and Design Letter For use only with 430.110, 440.12, 440.41, and 455.8(C).
Maximum Motor Locked-Rotor Current in Amperes, Two- and Three-Phase, Design B, C, and D*
115 Volts
200 Volts
208 Volts
230 Volts
460 Volts
575 Volts
Rated Horsepower
B, C, D
B, C, D
B, C, D
B, C, D
B, C, D
B, C, D
40
23
22.1
20
10
8
50
28.8
27.6
25
12.5
10
1
60
34.5
33
30
15
12
1%
80
46
44
40
20
16
2
100
57.5
55
50
25
20
3
73.6
71
64
32
25.6
5
105.8
102
92
46
36.8
146
140
127
63.5
50.8
10
186.3
179
162
81
64.8
15
267
257
232
116
93
20
334
321
290
145
116
25
420
404
365
183
146
30
500
481
435
218
174
40
667
641
580
290
232
50
834
802
725
363
290
60
1001
962
870
435
348
75
1248
1200
1085
543
434
100
1668
1603
1450
725
580
125
2087
2007
1815
908
726
150
2496
2400
2170
1085
868
200
3335
3207
2900
1450
1160
250
1825
1460
300
2200
1760
350
2550
2040
400
2900
2320
450
3250
2600
500
3625
2900
*Design A motors are not limited to a maximum starting current or locked rotor current.
ARTICLE 440 Air-Conditioning and Refrigerating Equipment
Part I. General
440.1 Scope. This article applies to electric motor-driven air- conditioning and refrigerating equipment and to the branch circuits and controllers for such equipment. It provides for the special considerations necessary for circuits supplying hermetic refrigerant motor-compressors and for any air-conditioning or refrigerating equipment that is supplied from a branch circuit that supplies a hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor.
440.4 Marking on Hermetic Refrigerant Motor-Compressors and Equipment.
(A) Hermetic Refrigerant Motor-Compressor Nameplate. A hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor shall be provided with a nameplate that shall indicate the manufacturer's name, trade- mark, or symbol; identifying designation; phase; voltage; and frequency. The rated-load current in amperes of the motor- compressor shall be marked by the equipment manufacturer on cither or both the motor-compressor nameplate and the
nameplate of the equipment in which the motor-compressor is used. The locked-rotor current of cach single-phase motor- compressor having a rated-load current of more than 9 amperes at 115 volts, or more than 4.5 amperes at 230 volts, and cach polyphase motor-compressor shall be marked on the motor-compressor nameplate. Where a thermal protector complying with 440.52(A) (2) and (B) (2) is used, the motor- compressor nameplate or the equipment nameplate shall be marked with the words "thermally protected." Where a protec- tive system complying with 440.52(A) (4) and (B)(4) is used and is furnished with the equipment, the equipment name- plate shall be marked with the words, "thermally protected system." Where a protective system complying with 440.52(A) (4) and (B) (4) is specified, the equipment nameplate shall be appropriately marked.
(B) Multimotor and Combination-Load Equipment. Multimo- tor and combination-load equipment shall be provided with a visible nameplate marked with the maker's name, the rating in volts, frequency and number of phases, minimum supply circuit conductor ampacity, the maximum rating of the branch- circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device, and the short-circuit current rating of the motor controllers or indus- trial control panel. The ampacity shall be calculated by using Part IV and counting all the motors and other loads that will be operated at the same time. The branch-circuit short-circuit and
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-365
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
440.4
ARTICLE 440 - AIR-CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATING EQUIPMENT
ground-fault protective device rating shall not exceed the value calculated by using Part III. Multimotor or combination-load equipment for use on two or more circuits shall be marked with the above information for cach circuit.
Exception No. 1: Multimotor and combination-load equipment that is suitable under the provisions of this article for connection to a single 15- or 20-ampere, 120-volt, or a 15-ampere, 208- or 240-volt, single- phase branch circuit shall be permitted to be marked as a single load.
Exception No. 2: The minimum supply circuit conductor ampacity and the maximum rating of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground- fault protective device shall not be required to be marked on a room air conditioner complying with 440.62(A).
Exception No. 3: Multimotor and combination-load equipment used in one- and two-family dwellings or cord-and-attachment-plug-connected equipment shall not be required to be marked with a short-circuit current rating.
(C) Branch-Circuit Selection Current. A hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor, or equipment containing such a compres- sor, having a protection system that is approved for use with the motor-compressor that it protects and that permits continuous current in excess of the specified percentage of nameplate rated-load current given in 440.52(B) (2) or (B) (4) shall also bc marked with a branch-circuit selection current that complics with 440.52(B) (2) or (B) (4). This marking shall be provided by the equipment manufacturer and shall be on the nameplate (s) where the rated-load current(s) appcars.
440.5 Marking on Controllers. A controller shall be marked with the manufacturer's name, trademark, or symbol; identify- ing designation; voltage; phase; full-load and locked-rotor current (or horsepower) rating; and other data as may be needed to properly indicate the motor-compressor for which it is suitable.
440.6 Ampacity and Rating. The size of conductors for equip- ment covered by this article shall be selected from Table 310.16 through Table 310.19 or calculated in accordance with 310.14 as applicable. The required ampacity of conductors and rating of equipment shall be determined according to 440.6(A) and 440.6(B).
(A) Hermetic Refrigerant Motor-Compressor. For a hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor, the rated-load current marked on the nameplate of the equipment in which the motor- compressor is employed shall be used in determining the rating or ampacity of the disconnecting means, the branch- circuit conductors, the controller, the branch-circuit short- circuit and ground-fault protection, and the separate motor overload protection. Where no rated-load current is shown on the equipment nameplate, the rated-load current shown on the compressor nameplate shall be used.
Exception No. 1: Where so marked, the branch-circuit selection current shall be used instead of the rated load current to determine the rating or ampacity of the disconnecting means, the branch-circuit conductors, the controller, and the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protec- tion.
Exception No. 2: For cord-and-plug-connected equipment, the name- plate marking shall be used in accordance with 440.22(B), Exception No. 2.
(B) Multimotor Equipment. For multimotor equipment employing a shaded-pole or permanent split-capacitor-type fan or blower motor, the full-load current for such motor marked
on the nameplate of the equipment in which the fan or blower motor is employed shall be used instead of the horsepower rating to determine the ampacity or rating of the disconnecting means, the branch-circuit conductors, the controller, the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection, and the separate overload protection. This marking on the equip- ment nameplate shall not be less than the current marked on the fan or blower motor nameplate.
440.7 Highest Rated (Largest) Motor. In determining compli- ance with this article and with 430.24, 430.53(B) and 430.53(C), and 430.62(A), the highest rated (largest) motor shall be considered to be the motor that has the highest rated- load current. Where two or more motors have the same highest rated-load current, only one of them shall be considered as the highest rated (largest) motor. For other than hermetic refriger- ant motor-compressors, and fan or blower motors as covered in 440.6(B), the full-load current used to determine the highest rated motor shall be the equivalent value corresponding to the motor horsepower rating selected from Table 430.248, Table 430.249, or Table 430.250.
Exception: Where so marked, the branch-circuit selection current shall be used instead of the rated-load current in determining the highest rated (largest) motor-compressor.
440.8 Single Machine and Location. An air-conditioning or refrigerating system shall be considered to be a single machine under the provisions of 430.87, Exception No. I, and 430.112, Exception. The motors shall be permitted to be located remotely from cach other. Air-conditioning and refrigeration equipment shall not be installed within a zone measured 900 mm (3 ft) horizontally and 2.5 m (8 ft) vertically from the top of a bathtub rim or shower stall threshold. The zone shall be all-encompassing and include the space directly over the tub or shower stall.
440.9 Grounding and Bonding. Where equipment is installed outdoors on a roof, an equipment grounding conductor of the wire type shall be installed in outdoor portions of metallic race- way systems that use compression-type fittings.
440.10 Short-Circuit Current Rating.
(A) Installation. Motor controllers or industrial control panels of multimotor and combination-load equipment shall not be installed where the available fault current exceeds its short- circuit current rating as marked in accordance with 440.4(B).
(B) Documentation. When motor controllers or industrial control panels of multimotor and combination-load equipment are required to be marked with a short circuit current rating, the available fault current and the date the available fault current calculation was performed shall be documented and made available to those authorized to inspect, install, or main- tain the installation.
Part II. Disconnecting Means
440.11 General. Disconnecting means shall be capable of disconnecting air-conditioning and refrigerating equipment, including motor-compressors and controllers, from the circuit conductors. If the disconnecting means is readily accessible to unqualified persons, any enclosure door or hinged cover of a disconnecting means enclosure that exposes energized parts when open shall require a tool to open or be capable of being locked.
70-366
NATIONALELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
440.14
ARTICLE 440 -AIR-CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATING EQUIPMENT
440.12 Rating and Interrupting Capacity.
(A) Hermetic Refrigerant Motor-Compressor. A disconnecting means serving a hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor shall be selected on the basis of the nameplate rated-load current or branch-circuit selection current, whichever is greater, and locked-rotor current, respectively, of the motor-compressor as follows.
(1) Ampere Rating. The ampere rating shall be at least 115 percent of the nameplate rated-load current or branch- circuit selection current, whichever is greater.
Exception: A listed unfused motor circuit switch, without fuseholders, having a horsepower rating not less than the equivalent horsepower determined in accordance with 440.12(A)(2) shall be permitted to have an ampere rating less than 115 percent of the specified current.
(2) Equivalent Horsepower. To determine the equivalent horsepower in complying with the requirements of 430.109, the horsepower rating shall be selected from Table 430.248, Table 430.249, or Table 430.250 corresponding to the rated- load current or branch-circuit selection current, whichever is greater, and also the horsepower rating from Table 430.251 (A) or Table 430.251(B) corresponding to the locked-rotor current. In case the nameplate rated-load current or branch- circuit selection current and locked-rotor current do not corre- spond to the currents shown in Table 430.248, Table 430.249, Table 430.250, Table 430.251(A), or Table 430.251(B), the horsepower rating corresponding to the next higher value shall be selected. In case different horsepower ratings are obtained when applying these tables, a horsepower rating at least cqual to the larger of the values obtained shall be selected.
(B) Combination Loads. Where the combined load of two or more hermetic refrigerant motor-compressors or one or more hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor with other motors or loads may be simultaneous on a single disconnecting means, the rating for the disconnecting means shall be determined in accordance with 440.12(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Horsepower Rating. The horsepower rating of the discon- necting means shall be determined from the sum of all currents, including resistance loads, at the rated-load condition and also at the locked-rotor condition. The combined rated- load current and the combined locked-rotor current so obtained shall be considered as a single motor for the purpose of this requirement as required by 440.12(B) (1) (a) and (B) (1) (b).
(a) The full-load current equivalent to the horsepower rating of cach motor, other than a hermetic refrigerant motor- compressor, and fan or blower motors as covered in 440.6(B) shall be selected from Table 430.248, Table 430.249, or Table 430.250. These full-load currents shall be added to the motor- compressor rated-load current(s) or branch-circuit selection current(s), whichever is greater, and to the rating in amperes of other loads to obtain an equivalent full-load current for the combined load.
(b) The locked-rotor current equivalent to the horse- power rating of cach motor, other than a hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor, shall be selected from Table 430.251(A) or Table 430.251(B), and, for fan and blower motors of the shaded-pole or permanent split-capacitor type marked with the locked-rotor current, the marked value shall be used. The locked-rotor currents shall be added to the motor-compressor locked-rotor current(s) and to the rating in amperes of other loads to obtain an equivalent locked-rotor current for the
combined load. Where two or more motors or other loads such as resistance heaters, or both, cannot be started simultaneously, appropriate combinations of locked-rotor and rated-load current or branch-circuit selection current, whichever is greater, shall be an acceptable means of determining the cquiv- alent locked-rotor current for the simultaneous combined load.
Exception: Where part of the concurrent load is a resistance load and the disconnecting means is a switch rated in horsepower and amperes, the switch used shall be permitted to have a horsepower rating not less than the combined load to the motor-compressor(s) and other motor(s) at the locked-rotor condition, if the ampere rating of the switch is not less than this locked-rotor load plus the resistance load.
(2) Full-Load Current Equivalent. The ampere rating of the disconnecting means shall be at least 115 percent of the sum of all currents at the rated-load condition determined in accord- ance with 440.12(B) (1).
Exception: A listed unfused motor circuit switch, without fuseholders, having a horsepower rating not less than the equivalent horsepower determined by 440.12(B)(1) shall be permitted to have an ampere rating less than 115 percent of the sum of all currents.
(C) Small Motor-Compressors. For small motor-compressors not having the locked-rotor current marked on the nameplate, or for small motors not covered by Table 430.247, Table 430.248, Table 430.249, or Table 430.250, the locked-rotor current shall be assumed to be six times the rated-load current.
(D) Disconnecting Means. Every disconnecting means in the refrigerant motor-compressor circuit between the point of attachment to the feeder and the point of connection to the refrigerant motor-compressor shall comply with the require- ments of 440.12.
(E) Disconnecting Means Rated in Excess of 100 Horsepower. Where the rated-load or locked-rotor current as determined above would indicate a disconnecting means rated in excess of 100 hp, 430.109(E) shall apply.
440.13 Cord-Connected Equipment. For cord-connected equipment such as room air conditioners, household refrigera- tors and freezers, drinking water coolers, and beverage dispens- crs, a scparable connector or an attachment plug and receptacle shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting mcans.
Informational Note: See 440.63 for room air conditioners.
440.14 Location. Disconnecting means shall be located within sight from, and readily accessible from, the air-conditioning or refrigerating equipment. The disconnecting means shall be permitted to be installed on or within the air-conditioning or refrigerating equipment. Disconnecting means shall meet the working space requirements of 110.26(A).
The disconnecting means shall not be located on panels that are designed to allow access to the air-conditioning or refriger- ation equipment or where it obscures the equipment name- platc(s).
Exception No. 1: Where the disconnecting means provided in accord- ance with 430.102(A) is lockable in accordance with 110.25 and the refrigerating or air-conditioning equipment is essential to an industrial process in a facility with written safety procedures, and where the condi- tions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the equipment, a disconnecting means within sight from the equipment shall not be required.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-367
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
440.21
ARTICLE 440 -AIR-CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATING EQUIPMENT
Exception No. 2: Where an attachment plug and receptacle serve as the disconnecting means in accordance with 440.13, their location shall be accessible but shall not be required to be readily accessible.
Informational Note: See Parts VII and IX of Article 430 for addi- tional requirements.
Part III. Branch-Circuit Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protection
440.21 General. Part III specifics devices intended to protect the branch-circuit conductors, control apparatus, and motors in circuits supplying hermetic refrigerant motor-compressors against overcurrent due to short circuits and ground faults. They are in addition to or amendatory of the overcurrent protection requirements found elsewhere in this Code.
440.22 Application and Selection.
(A) Rating or Setting for Individual Motor-Compressor. The motor-compressor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device shall be capable of carrying the starting current of the motor. A protective device having a rating or setting not exceeding 175 percent of the motor-compressor rated-load current or branch-circuit selection current, which- cver is greater, shall be permitted.
Exception No. 1: If the values for branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection in accordance with 440.22(A) do not corre- spond to the standard sizes or ratings of fuses, nonadjustable circuit breakers, thermal protective devices, or available settings of adjustable circuit breakers, a higher size, rating, or available setting that does not exceed the next higher standard ampere rating shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: If the values for branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection in accordance with 440.22(A) or the rating modified by Exception No. 1 is not sufficient for the starting current of the motor; the rating or setting shall be permitted to be increased but shall not exceed 225 percent of the motor rated-load current or branch- circuit selection current, whichever is greater.
Exception No. 3: The rating of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device shall not be required to be less than 15 amperes.
(B) Rating or Setting for Equipment. The equipment branch- circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device shall be capable of carrying the starting current of the equipment. Where the hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor is the only load on the circuit, the protection shall comply with 440.22(A). Where the equipment incorporates more than one hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor or a hermetic refrigerant motor- compressor and other motors or other loads, the equipment short-circuit and ground-fault protection shall comply with 430.53 and 440.22(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Motor-Compressor Largest Load. Where a hermetic refrig- crant motor-compressor is the largest load connected to the circuit, the rating or setting of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device shall not exceed the value specified in 440.22(A) for the largest motor-compressor plus the sum of the rated-load current or branch-circuit selection current, whichever is greater, of the other motor-compressor(s) and the ratings of the other loads supplied.
(2) Motor-Compressor Not Largest Load. Where a hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor is not the largest load connected to the circuit, the rating or setting of the branch-circuit short- circuit and ground-fault protective device shall not exceed a valuc cqual to the sum of the rated-load current or branch- circuit selection current, whichever is greater, rating(s) for the motor-compressor(s) plus the value specified in 430.53(C) (4) where other motor loads are supplied, or the value specified in 240.4 where only nonmotor loads are supplied in addition to the motor-compressor(s).
Exception No. 1: Equipment that starts and operates on a 15- or 20- ampere 120-volt, or 15-ampere 208- or 240-volt single-phase branch circuit, shall be permitted to be protected by the 15- or 20-ampere over- current device protecting the branch circuit, but if the maximum branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device rating marked on the equipment is less than these values, the circuit protective device shall not exceed the value marked on the equipment nameplate.
Exception No. 2: The nameplate marking of cord-and-plug-connected equipment rated not greater than 250 volts, single-phase, such as household refrigerators and freezers, drinking water coolers, and bever- age dispensers, shall be used in determining the branch-circuit require- ments, and each unit shall be considered as a single motor unless the nameplate is marked otherwise.
(C) Protective Device Rating Not to Exceed the Manufactur- er's Values. Where maximum protective device ratings shown on a manufacturer's overload relay table for use with a motor controller are less than the rating or setting selected in accord- ance with 440.22(A) and (B), the protective device rating shall not exceed the manufacturer's values marked on the cquip- ment.
Part IV. Circuit Conductors
440.31 General. Part IV and adjustments made in accordance with Part III of Article 310 specify ampacities of conductors required to carry the motor current without overheating under the conditions specified, except as modified in 440.6(A), Exception No. 1.
These articles shall not apply to integral conductors of motors, to motor controllers and the like, or to conductors that form an integral part of approved equipment.
440.32 Single Motor-Compressor. Branch-circuit conductors supplying a single motor-compressor shall have an ampacity not less than the greater of the following:
(1) 125 percent of the motor-compressor rated-load current (2) 125 percent of the branch-circuit selection current
For a wyc-start, delta-run connected motor-compressor, the selection of branch-circuit conductors between the motor controller and the motor-compressor shall be permitted to be based on 72 percent of either the motor-compressor rated-load current or the branch-circuit selection current, whichever is greater.
Informational Note: The multiplier of 72 percent is obtained by multiplying 58 percent by 1.25 because the individual motor circuit conductors of wye-start, delta-rim connected motor- compressors carry 58 percent of the rated-load current.
70-368
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
440.52
ARTICLE 440 - AIR-CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATING EQUIPMENT
440.33 Motor-Compressor(s) With or Without Additional Motor Loads. Conductors supplying one or more motor- compressor(s) with or without an additional motor load(s) shall have an ampacity not less than the sum of cach of the following:
(1) The sum of the rated-load or branch-circuit selection current, whichever is greater, of all motor-compressor(s)
(2) The sum of the full-load current rating of all other motors
(3) 25 percent of the highest motor-compressor or motor full load current in the group
Exception No. 1: Where the circuitry is interlocked so as to prevent the starting and running of a second motor-compressor or group of motor- compressors, the conductor size shall be determined from the largest motor-compressor or group of motor-compressors that is to be operated at a given time.
Exception No. 2: The branch-circuit conductors for room air condition- ers shall be in accordance with Part VII of Article 440.
440.34 Combination Load. Conductors supplying a motor- compressor load(s) in addition to other load(s) shall have an ampacity sufficient for the other load(s) plus the required ampacity for the motor compressor load(s).The motor compressor load(s) shall be determined in accordance with 440.32 or 440.33. The other load(s) shall be calculated from branch-circuit, feeder, and service load calculations.
Exception: Where the circuitry is interlocked to prevent simultaneous operation of the motor-compressor(s) and all other loads connected, the conductor size shall be determined from the largest size required for the motor-compressor(s) and other loads to be operated at a given time.
440.35 Multimotor and Combination-Load Equipment. The ampacity of the conductors supplying multimotor and combination-load equipment shall not be less than the mini- mum circuit ampacity marked on the equipment in accordance with 440.4(B).
Part V. Controllers for Motor-Compressors
440.41 Rating.
(A) Motor-Compressor Controller. A motor-compressor controller shall have both a continuous-duty full-load current rating and a locked-rotor current rating not less than the name- plate rated-load current or branch-circuit selection current, whichever is greater, and locked-rotor current, respectively, of the compressor. In case the motor controller is rated in horse- power but is without one or both of the foregoing current ratings, cquivalent currents shall be determined from the ratings as follows. Table 430.248, Table 430.249, and Table 430.250 shall be used to determine the equivalent full-load current rating. Table 430.251 (A) and Table 430.251 (B) shall be used to determine the equivalent locked-rotor current ratings.
(B) Controller Serving More Than One Load. A controller serving more than one motor-compressor or a motor- compressor and other loads shall have a continuous-duty full- load current rating and a locked-rotor current rating not less than the combined load as determined in accordance with 440.12(B).
Part VI. Motor-Compressor and Branch-Circuit Overload Protection
440.51 General. Part VI specifics devices intended to protect the motor-compressor, the motor-control apparatus, and the branch-circuit conductors against excessive heating duc to motor overload and failure to start.
Informational Note: See 240.4(G) for application of Parts III and VI of Article 440.
440.52 Application and Selection.
(A) Protection of Motor-Compressor. Each motor-compressor shall be protected against overload and failure to start by one of the following means:
(1) A separate overload relay that is responsive to motor- compressor current. This device shall be selected to trip at not more than 140 percent of the motor-compressor rated-load current.
(2) A thermal protector integral with the motor-compressor, approved for use with the motor-compressor that it protects on the basis that it will prevent dangerous over- heating of the motor-compressor due to overload and fail- ure to start. If the current-interrupting device is separate from the motor-compressor and its control circuit is oper- ated by a protective device integral with the motor- compressor, it shall be arranged so that the opening of the control circuit will result in interruption of current to : the motor-compressor.
(3) A fuse or inverse time circuit breaker responsive to motor current, which shall also be permitted to serve as the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device. This device shall be rated at not more than 125 percent of the motor-compressor rated-load current. It shall have sufficient time delay to permit the motor- compressor to start and accelerate its load. The equip- ment or the motor-compressor shall be marked with this maximum branch-circuit fuse or inverse time circuit breaker rating.
(4) A protective system, furnished or specified and approved for use with the motor-compressor that it protects on the basis that it will prevent dangerous overheating of the motor-compressor due to overload and failure to start. If the current-interrupting device is separate from the motor-compressor and its control circuit is operated by a protective device that is not integral with the current- interrupting device, it shall be arranged so that the open- ing of the control circuit will result in interruption of current to the motor-compressor.
(B) Protection of Motor-Compressor Control Apparatus and Branch-Circuit Conductors. The motor-compressor control- ler(s), the disconnecting means, and the branch-circuit conductors shall be protected against overcurrent due to motor overload and failure to start by one of the following means, which shall be permitted to be the same device or system protecting the motor-compressor in accordance with 440.52(A):
Exception: Overload protection of motor-compressors and equipment on 15- and 20-ampere, single-phase, branch circuits shall be permitted to be in accordance with 440.54 and 440.55.
(1) An overload relay selected in accordance with 440.52(A) (1)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-369
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
440.53
ARTICLE 440 -AIR-CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATING EQUIPMENT
(2) A thermal protector applied in accordance with 440.52(A) (2), that will not permit a continuous current in excess of 156 percent of the marked rated-load current or branch-circuit selection current
(3) A fuse or inverse time circuit breaker selected in accord- ance with 440.52(A) (3)
(4) A protective system, in accordance with 440.52(A) (4), that will not permit a continuous current in excess of 156 percent of the marked rated-load current or branch- circuit selection current
440.53 Overload Relays. Overload relays and other devices for motor overload protection that are not capable of opening short circuits shall be protected by fuses or inverse time circuit breakers with ratings or settings in accordance with Part III unless identified for group installation or for part-winding motors and marked to indicate the maximum size of fuse or inverse time circuit breaker by which they shall be protected.
Exception: The fuse or inverse time circuit breaker size marking shall be permitted on the nameplate of theequipment in which the overload relay or other overload device is used.
440.54 Motor-Compressors and Equipment on 15- or 20- Ampere Branch Circuits - Not Cord- and Attachment-Plug- Connected. Overload protection for motor-compressors and equipment used on 15- or 20-ampere 120-volt, or 15-ampere 208- or 240-volt, single-phase branch circuits shall be permitted in accordance with 440.54(A) and (B).
(A) Overload Protection. The motor-compressor shall be provided with overload protection selected as specified in 440.52(A). Both the controller and motor overload protective device shall be identified for installation with the short-circuit and ground-fault protective device for the branch circuit to which the equipment is connected.
(B) Time Delay. The short-circuit and ground-fault protective device protecting the branch circuit shall have sufficient time delay to permit the motor-compressor and other motors to start and accelerate their loads.
440.55 Cord- and Attachment-Plug-Connected Motor- Compressors and Equipment on 15- or 20-Ampere Branch Circuits. Overload protection for motor-compressors and equipment that are cord- and attachment-plug-connected and used on 15- or 20-ampere 120-volt, or 15-ampere 208- or 240- volt, single-phase branch circuits shall be permitted in accord- ance with 440.55(A), (B), and (C).
(A) Overload Protection. The motor-compressor shall be provided with overload protection as specified in 440.52(A). Both the controller and the motor overload protective device shall be identified for installation with the short-circuit and ground-fault protective device for the branch circuit to which the equipment is connected.
(B) Attachment Plug and Receptacle or Cord Connector Rating. The rating of the attachment plug and receptacle or cord connector shall not exceed 20 amperes at 125 volts or 15 amperes at 250 volts.
(C) Time Delay. The short-circuit and ground-fault protective device protecting the branch circuit shall have sufficient time delay to permit the motor-compressor and other motors to start and accelerate their loads.
Part VII. Room Air Conditioners
440.60 General. Part VII shall apply to electrically energized room air conditioners that control temperature and humidity. For the purpose of Part VII, a room air conditioner (with or without provisions for heating) shall be considered as an ac appliance of the air-cooled window, console, or in-wall type that is installed in the conditioned room and that incorporates a hermetic refrigerant motor-compressor(s). Part VII covers equipment rated not over 250 volts, single phase, and the equipment shall be permitted to be cord- and attachment-plug- connected.
A room air conditioner that is rated 3-phase or rated over 250 volts shall be directly connected to a wiring method recog- nized in Chapter 3, and Part VII shall not apply.
440.61 Grounding. The enclosures of room air conditioners shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.110, 250.112, and 250.114.
440.62 Branch-Circuit Requirements.
(A) Room Air Conditioner as a Single Motor Unit. A room air conditioner shall be considered as a single motor unit in deter- mining its branch-circuit requirements where all the following conditions are met:
(1) Itis cord- and attachment-plug-connected.
(2) Its rating is not more than 40 amperes and 250 volts, single phasc.
(3) Total. rated-load current is shown on the room air- conditioner nameplate rather than individual motor currents.
(4) The rating of the branch-circuit short-circuit and ground- fault protective device does not exceed the ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors or the rating of the recep- tacle, whichever is less.
(B) Where No Other Loads Are Supplied. The total marked current rating of a cord- and attachment-plug-connected room air conditioner shall not exceed 80 percent of the current rating of a branch circuit where no other loads are supplied.
(C) Where Lighting Units or Other Appliances Are Also Supplied. The total marked current rating of a cord- and attachment-plug-connected room air conditioner shall not exceed 50 percent of the current rating of a branch circuit where lighting outlets, other appliances, or general-use recep- tacles are also supplied. Where the circuitry is interlocked to prevent simultaneous operation of the room air conditioner and energization of other outlets on the same branch circuit, a cord- and attachment-plug-connected room air conditioner shall not exceed 80 percent of the branch-circuit current rating.
440.63 Disconnecting Means. An attachment plug and recep- tacle or cord connector shall be permitted to serve as the disconnecting means for a single-phase room air conditioner rated 250 volts or less if (I) the manual controls on the room air conditioner are readily accessible and located within 1.8 m (6 ft) of the floor, or (2) an approved manually operable disconnecting means is installed in a readily accessible location within sight from the room air conditioner.
440.64 Supply Cords. Where a flexible cord is used to supply a room air conditioner, the length of such cord shall not exceed 3.0 m (10 ft) for a nominal, 120-volt rating or 1.8 m (6 ft) for a nominal, 208- or 240-volt rating.
70-370
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
445.13
ARTICLE 445 - GENERATORS
440.65 Protection Devices. Single-phase cord- and plug- connected room air conditioners shall be provided with one of the following factory-installed devices:
(1) Leakage-current detector-interrupter (LCDI)
(2) Arc-fault circuit interrupter (AFCI)
(3) Heat detecting circuit interrupter (HDCI)
The protection device shall be an integral part of the attach- ment plug or be located in the power supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug.
ARTICLE 445 Generators
445.1 Scope. This article contains installation and other requirements for generators.
445.6 Listing. Stationary generators shall be listed.
Exception: One of a kind or custom manufactured generators shall be permitted to be field labeled.
Informational Note: See UL 2200, Standard for Stationary Engine Generator Assemblies, for additional information.
445.10 Location. Generators shall be of a type suitable for the locations in which they are installed. They shall also meet the requirements for motors in 430.14.
Informational Note: See NFPA 37-2021, Standard for the Installa- tion and Use of Stationary Combustion Engines and Gas Turbines, for information on the location of generators.
445.11 Marking. Each generator shall be provided with an accessible nameplate giving the manufacturer's name, the rated frequency, the number of phases if ac, the rating in kilo- watts or kilovolt-amperes, the power factor, the normal volts and amperes corresponding to the rating, and the rated ambi- cnt temperaturc.
Nameplates or manufacturer's instructions shall provide the following information for all stationary generators and portable generators rated more than 15 kW:
(1) Alternator subtransient, transient, synchronous, and zero sequence reactances
(2) Generator set power rating category (including but not limited to prime, standby, or continuous)
(3) Alternator temperature rise at rated load and insulation system class
(4) Indication if the generator is protected against overload by inherent design, an overcurrent protective relay, a circuit breaker, or a fuse
(5) Available fault current for inverter-based generators, in licu of the synchronous, subtransient, and transient reac- tances
Marking shall be provided by the manufacturer to indicate whether or not the generator neutral is bonded to its framc. Where the bonding is modified in the field, additional marking shall be required to indicate whether the neutral is bonded to the frame.
445.12 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Constant-Voltage Generators. Constant-voltage generators, except ac generator exciters, shall be protected from overload by inherent design, circuit breakers, fuses, protective relays, or other identified overcurrent protective means suitable for the conditions of usc.
(B) Two-Wire Generators. Two-wirc, dc generators shall be permitted to have overcurrent protection in one conductor only if the overcurrent device is actuated by the entire current generated other than the current in the shunt field. The over- current device shall not open the shunt field.
(C) 65 Volts or Less. Generators operating at 65 volts or less and driven by individual motors shall be considered as protec- ted by the overcurrent device protecting the motor if these devices will operate when the generators are delivering not more than 150 percent of their full-load rated current.
(D) Balancer Sets. Two-wire, dc generators used in conjunc- tion with balancer sets to obtain neutral points for 3-wire systems shall be equipped with overcurrent devices that discon- nect the 3-wire system in case of excessive unbalancing of voltages or currents.
(E) Three-Wire, Direct-Current Generators. Three-wire, dc generators, whether compound or shunt wound, shall be cquipped with overcurrent devices, one in cach armature lead, and connected so as to be actuated by the entire current from the armature. Such overcurrent devices shall consist either of a double-pole, double-coil circuit breaker or of a 4-pole circuit breaker connected in the main and equalizer leads and tripped by two overcurrent devices, one in cach armature Icad. Such protective devices shall be interlocked so that no one pole can be opened without simultaneously disconnecting both leads of the armature from the system.
Exception to (A) through (E): Where deemed by the authority having jurisdiction that a generator is vital to the operation of an electrical system and the generator should operate to failure to prevent a greater hazard to persons, the overload sensing device(s) shall be permitted to be connected to an annunciator or alarm supervised by authorized person- nel instead of interrupting the generator circuit.
445.13 Ampacity of Conductors.
(A) General. The ampacity of the conductors from the genera- tor output terminals to the first distribution device(s) contain- ing overcurrent protection shall not be less than 115 percent of the nameplate current rating of the generator. It shall be permitted to size the neutral conductors in accordance with 220.61. Conductors that must carry ground-fault currents shall not be smaller than required by 250.30(A). Neutral conductors of de generators that must carry ground-fault currents shall not be smaller than the minimum required size of the largest conductor.
Exception: Where the design and operation of the generator prevent overloading, the ampacity of the conductors shall not be less than 100 percent of the nameplate current rating of the generator.
(B) Overcurrent Protection Provided. Where the generator set is equipped with a listed overcurrent protective device or a combination of a current transformer and overcurrent relay, conductors shall be permitted to be tapped from the load side of the protected terminals in accordance with 240.21 (B).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-371
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
445.14
ARTICLE 445 - GENERATORS
Tapped conductors shall not be permitted for portable generators rated 15 kW or less where field wiring connection terminals are not accessible.
445.14 Protection of Live Parts. Live parts of generators oper- ated at more than 50 volts ac or 60 volts dc to ground shall not be exposed to accidental contact where accessible to unquali- ficd persons.
445.15 Guards for Attendants. Where necessary for the safety of attendants, the requirements of 430.233 shall apply.
445.16 Bushings. Where field-installed wiring passes through an opening in an enclosure, a conduit box, or a barrier, a bush- ing shall be used to protect the conductors from the edges of an opening having sharp edges. The bushing shall have smooth, well-rounded surfaces where it may be in contact with the conductors. If used where oils, grease, or other contami- nants may be present, the bushing shall be made of a material not deleteriously affected.
445.17 Generator Terminal Housings. Generator terminal housings shall comply with 430.12. Where a horsepower rating is required to determine the required minimum size of the generator terminal housing, the full-load current of the genera- tor shall be compared with comparable motors in Table 430.247 through Table 430.250. The higher horsepower rating of Table 430.247 and Table 430.250 shall be used whenever the generator selection is between two ratings.
Exception: This section shall not apply to generators rated over 600 volts.
445.18 Disconnecting Means.
(A) Disconnecting Means. Generators other than cord-and- plug-connected portable generators shall have one or more disconnecting means. Each disconnecting means shall simulta- ncously open all associated ungrounded conductors. Each disconnecting means shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
The disconnecting means shall be permitted to' be located within the generator behind a hinged cover, door, or enclosure panel. Where the generator disconnecting means is located within the generator, a field applied label mecting the require- ments of 110.21 (B) shall be provided indicating the location of the generator disconnecting means.
(B) Generators Installed in Parallel. Where a generator is installed in parallel with other generators, the provisions of 445.18(A) shall be capable of isolating the generator output terminals from the paralleling system bus. The disconnecting means shall not be required to be located at the generator.
445.19 Emergency Shutdown of Prime Mover.
(A) General. Generators shall have provisions to shut down the prime mover. The means of shutdown shall comply with all of the following:
(1) Be equipped with provisions to disable all prime mover start control circuits to render the prime mover incapable of starting
(2) Initiate a shutdown mechanism that requires a mechani- cal reset
The provisions to shut down the prime mover shall be permitted to satisfy the requirements of 445.18(A) where it is capable of being locked in the open position in accordance with 110.25.
(B) Remote Emergency Shutdown. For other than one- and two-family dwelling units, generators with greater than 15 kW rating shall be provided with a remote emergency stop switch to shut down the prime mover. The remote emergency stop switch shall be located outside the equipment room or genera- tor enclosure at a readily accessible location and shall also meet the requirements of 445.19(A) (I) and (A) (2).
The remote emergency stop switch shall be permitted to be mounted on the exterior of the generator enclosure. The remote emergency stop switch shall be labeled Generator Emergency Shutdown, and the label shall meet the require- ments of 110.21 (B).
(C) Emergency Shutdown in One- and Two-Family Dwelling Units. For other than cord-and-plug-connected portable gener- ators, an emergency shutdown device shall be located outside the dwelling unit at a readily accessible location and shall also meet the requirements of 445.19(A) (1) and (A) (2).
An emergency shutdown device mounted on the exterior of the generator enclosure shall be permitted to satisfy the requirements of this section. The shutdown device shall be marked as the Generator Emergency Shutdown, and the label shall meet the requirements of 110.21 (B)).
445.20 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Recep- tacles on 15-kW or Smaller Portable Generators. Receptacle outlets that are a part of a 15-kW or smaller portable generator shall have listed ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection (GFCI) for personnel integral to the generator or receptacle as indicated in either 445.20(A) or (B):
(A) Unbonded (Floating Neutral) Generators. Unbonded generators with both 125-volt and 125/250-volt receptacle outlets shall have listed GFCI protection for personnel integral to the generator or receptacle on all 125-volt, 15- and 20- ampere receptacle outlets.
Exception: GFCI protection shall not be required where the 125-volt receptacle outlets(s) is interlocked such that it is not available for use when any 125/250-volt receptacle(s) is in use.
(B) Bonded Neutral Generators. Bonded generators shall be provided with GFCI protection on all 125-volt, 15- and 20- ampere receptacle outlets.
Informational Note: See 590.6(A) (3) for GFCI requirements for 15-kW or smaller portable generators used for temporary elec- tric power and lighting.
Exception to (A) and (B): If the generator was manufactured or remanufactured prior to January 1, 2015, listed cord sets or devices incorporating listed GFCI protection for personnel identified for portable use shall be permitted.
70-372
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 450 - TRANSFORMERS AND TRANSFORMER VAULTS (INCLUDING SECONDARY TIES)
450.3
ARTICLE 450 Transformers and Transformer Vaults (Including Secondary Ties)
Part I. General
450.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of all trans- formers other than the following:
(1) Current transformers
(2) Dry-type transformers that constitute a component part of other apparatus and comply with the requirements for such apparatus
(3) Transformers that are an integral part of an X-ray, high- frequency, or electrostatic-coating apparatus
(4) Transformers used with Class 2 and Class 3 circuits
(5) Transformers for sign and outline lighting
(6) Transformers for electric-discharge lighting
(7) Transformers used for power-limited fire alarm circuits
(8) Transformers used for research, development, or testing, where effective arrangements are provided to safeguard persons from contacting energized parts
450.2 Interconnection of Transformers. Transformers shall individually comply with the requirements of this article unless specific provisions allow for interconnection and operation as a single unit.
450.3 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection of transformers shall comply with 450.3(A), (B), or (C). As used in this section, the word transformershall mean a transformer or polyphase bank of two or more single-phase transformers oper- ating as a unit.
Informational Note No. 1: See 240.4, 240.21, 245.26, and 245.27 for overcurrent protection of conductors.
Informational Note No. 2: Nonlinear loads can increase heat in a transformer without operating its overcurrent protective device. See IEEE 3002.8, Recommended Practice for Conducting Harmonic Studies and Analysis of Industrial and Commercial Power Systems, for additional information.
(A) Transformers Over 1000 Volts, Nominal. Overcurrent protection shall be provided in accordance with Table 450.3(A).
(B) Transformers 1000 Volts, Nominal, or Less. Overcurrent protection shall be provided in accordance with Table 450.3(B) unless the transformer is installed as a motor control circuit transformer in accordance with 430.72(C) (1) through (C) (5).
(C) Voltage (Potential) Transformers. Voltage (potential) transformers installed indoors or enclosed shall be protected with primary fuscs.
Informational Note: See 408.52 for protection of instrument circuits, including voltage transfonners.
Table 450.3(A) Maximum Rating or Setting of Overcurrent Protection for Transformers Over 1000 Volts (as a Percentage of Transformer-Rated Current)
Secondary Protection?
Primary Protection over 1000 Volts
Over 1000 Volts
1000 Volts or Less
Location Limitations
Transformer Rated Impedance
Circuit Breaker+
Fuse Rating
Circuit Breaker+
Fuse Rating
Circuit Breaker or Fuse Rating
Any location
Not more than 6%
600%'
300%'
300%'
250%'
125%'
More than 6% and not more than 10%
400%'
300%1
250%'
225%'
125%'
Supervised locations only-3
Any
300%'
250%'
Not required
Not required
Not required
Not more than 6%
600%
300%
300%5
250%3
250%3
More than 6% and not more than 10%
400%
300%
250%5
225%3
250%5
"Where the required fuse rating or circuit breaker setting does not correspond to a standard rating or setting, a higher rating or setting that does not exceed the following shall be permitted:
(1) The next higher standard rating or setting for fuses and circuit breakers 1000 volts and below, or
(2) The next higher commercially available rating or setting for fuses and circuit breakers above 1000 volts.
-Where secondary overcurrent protection is required, the secondary overcurrent device shall be permitted to consist of not more than six circuit breakers or six sets of fuses grouped in one location. Where multiple overcurrent devices are utilized, the total of all the device ratings shall not exceed the allowed value of a single overcurrent device. If both circuit breakers and fuses are used as the overcurrent device, the total of the device ratings shall not exceed that allowed for fuses.
3A supervised location is a location where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons monitor and service the transformer installation.
+Electronically actuated fuses that may be set to open at a specific current shall be set in accordance with settings for circuit breakers. "A transforiner equipped with a coordinated thermal overload protection by the manufacturer shall be permitted to have separate secondary protection omitted.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-373
450.4
ARTICLE 450 - TRANSFORMERS AND TRANSFORMER VAULTS (INCLUDING SECONDARY TIES)
Table 450.3(B) Maximum Rating or Setting of Overcurrent Protection for Transformers 1000 Volts and Less (as a Percentage of Transformer-Rated Current)
Primary Protection
Secondary Protection2
Protection Method
Currents of 9 Amperes or More
Currents Less Than 9 Amperes
Currents Less Than 2 Amperes
Currents of 9 Amperes or More
Currents Less
Than 9 Amperes
Primary only protection
125%'
167%
300%
Not required
Not required
Primary and secondary protection
250%3
250%3
250%3
125%'
167%
"Where 125 percent of this current does not correspond to a standard rating of a fuse or nonadjustable circuit breaker, a higher rating that does not exceed the next higher standard rating shall be permitted.
2Where secondary overcurrent protection is required, the secondary overcurrent device shall be permitted to consist of not more than six circuit breakers or six sets of fuses grouped in one location. Where multiple overcurrent devices are utilized, the total of all the device ratings shall not exceed the allowed value of a single overcurrent device.
3 A transforiner equipped with coordinated therinal overload protection by the manufacturer and arranged to interrupt the primary current shall be permitted to have primary overcurrent protection rated or set at a current value that is not more than six times the rated current of the transformer for transformers having not more than 6 percent impedance and not more than four times the rated current ofthe transforiner for transformners having more than 6 percent but not more than 10 percent impedance.
450.4 Autotransformers 1000 Volts, Nominal, or Less.
(A) Overcurrent Protection. Each autotransformer 1000 volts, nominal, or less shall be protected by an individual overcurrent device installed in series with cach ungrounded input conduc- tor. Such overcurrent device shall be rated or set at not more than 125 percent of the rated full-load input current of the autotransformer. Where this calculation does not correspond to a standard rating of a fuse or nonadjustable circuit breaker and the rated input current is 9 amperes or more, the next higher standard rating described in 240.6 shall be permitted. An overcurrent device shall not be installed in series with the shunt winding (the winding common to both the input and the output circuits) of the autotransformer between Points A and B as shown in Figure 450.4(A).
Exception: Where the rated input current of the autotransformer is less than 9 amperes, an overcurrent devire rated or set at not more than 167 percent of the input current shall be permitted.
(B) Transformer Field-Connected as 'an Autotransformer. A transformer field-connected as an autotransformer shall be identified for use at elevated voltage.,
Infornational Note: See 210.9 and 215.11 for information on permitted uses of autotransforiners.
450.5 Grounding Autotransformers. Grounding autotrans- formers covered in this section are zigzag or T-connected trans- formers connected to 3-phase, 3-wire ungrounded systems for
A
Shunt winding(s)
B
FIGURE 450.4(A) Autotransformer.
the purpose of creating a 3-phase, 4-wire distribution system or providing a neutral point for grounding purposes. Such trans- formers shall have a continuous per-phase current rating and a continuous neutral current rating. Zigzag-connected transform- crs shall not be installed on the load side of any system ground- ing connection, including those made in accordance with 250.24(C), 250.30(A) (1), or 250.32(B), Exception No. 1.
Informnational Note: The phase current in a grounding auto- transfonner is one-third the neutral current.
(A) Three-Phase, 4-Wire System. A grounding autotrans- former used to create a 3-phase, 4-wire distribution system from a 3-phase, 3-wire ungrounded system shall conform to 450.5(A) (1) through (A) (4).
(1) Connections. The transformer shall be directly connected to the ungrounded phase conductors and shall not be switched or provided with overcurrent protection that is independent of the main switch and common-trip overcurrent protection for the 3-phase, 4-wire system.
(2) Overcurrent Protection. An overcurrent sensing device shall be provided that will cause the main switch or common- trip overcurrent protection referred to in 450.5(A) (1) to open if the load on the autotransformer reaches or exceeds 125 percent of its continuous current per-phase or neutral rating. Delayed tripping for temporary overcurrents sensed at the autotransformer overcurrent device shall be permitted for the purpose of allowing proper operation of branch or feeder protective devices on the 4-wire system.
(3) Transformer Fault Sensing. A fault-sensing system that causes the opening of a main switch or common-trip overcur- rent device for the 3-phase, 4-wire system shall be provided to guard against single-phasing or internal faults.
Informnational Note: This can be accomplished by the use of two subtractive-connected donut-type current transformers installed to sense and signal when an unbalance occurs in the line current to the autotransforiner of 50 percent or more of rated current.
70-374
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
450.6
ARTICLE 450- TRANSFORMERS AND TRANSFORMER VAULTS (INCLUDING SECONDARY TIES)
(4) Rating. The autotransformer shall have a continuous neutral-current rating that is not less than the maximum possi- ble neutral unbalanced load current of the 4-wire system.
(B) Ground Reference for Fault Protection Devices. A grounding autotransformer used to make available a specified magnitude of ground-fault current for operation of a ground- responsive protective device on a 3-phase, 3-wire ungrounded system shall conform to 450.5(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Rating. The autotransformer shall have a continuous neutral-current rating not less than the specified ground-fault current.
(2) Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection shall comply with 450.5(B) (2) (a) and (B) (2) (b).
(a) Operation and Interrupting Rating. An overcurrent protective device having an interrupting rating in compliance with 110.9 and that will open simultaneously all ungrounded conductors when it operates shall be applied in the grounding autotransformer branch circuit.
(b) Ampere Rating. The overcurrent protection shall be rated or set at a current not exceeding 125 percent of the auto- transformer continuous per-phase current rating or 42 percent of the continuous-current rating of any series-connected devi- ces in the autotransformer neutral connection. Delayed trip- ping for temporary overcurrents to permit the proper operation of ground-responsive tripping devices on the main system shall be permitted but shall not exceed values that would be more than the short-time current rating of the grounding autotransformer or any series connected devices in the neutral connection thereto.
Exception: For high-impedance grounded systems covered in 250.36, where the maximum ground-fault current is designed to be not more than 10 amperes, and where the grounding autotransformer and the grounding impedance are rated for continuous duty, an overcurrent device rated not more than 20 amperes that will simultaneousty open all ungrounded conductors shall be permitted to be installed on the line side of the grounding autotransformer.
(C) Ground Reference for Damping Transitory Overvoltages. A grounding autotransformer used to limit transitory overvol- tages shall be of suitable rating and connected in accordance with 450.5(A) (1).
450.6 Secondary Ties. As used in this article, a secondary tic is a circuit operating at 1000 volts, nominal, or less between phases that connects two power sources or power supply points, such as the secondaries of two transformers. The tic shall be permitted to consist of one or more conductors per phase or neutral. Conductors connecting the secondaries of transform- crs in accordance with 450.7 shall not be considered secondary tics.
As used in this section, the word transformer means a trans- former or a bank of transformers operating as a unit.
(A) Tie Circuits. Tic circuits shall be provided with overcur- rent protection at cach end as required in Parts I, II, and VIII of Article 240.
Under the conditions described in 450.6(A) (1) and 450.6(A) (2), the overcurrent protection shall be permitted to be in accordance with 450.6(A) (3).
(1) Loads at Transformer Supply Points Only. Where all loads are connected at the transformer supply points at cach end of the tic and overcurrent protection is not provided in accord-
ance with Parts I, II, and VIII of Article 240, the ampacity of the tic shall not be less than 67 percent of the rated secondary current of the highest rated transformer supplying the secon- dary tic system.
(2) Loads Connected Between Transformer Supply Points. Where load is connected to the tic at any point between trans- former supply points and overcurrent protection is not provi- ded in accordance with Parts I, II, and VIII of Article 240, the ampacity of the tic shall not be less than 100 percent of the rated secondary current of the highest rated transformer supplying the secondary tic system.
Exception: Tie circuits comprised of multiple conductors per phase shall be permitted to be sized and protected in accordance with 450.6(A)(4).
(3) Tie Circuit Protection. Under the conditions described in 450.6(A) (1) and (A)(2), both supply ends of cach ungrounded tic conductor shall be equipped with a protective device that opens at a predetermined temperature of the tic conductor under short-circuit conditions. This protection shall consist of one of the following: (1) a fusible link cable connector, termi- nal, or lug, commonly known as a limiter, cach being of a size corresponding with that of the conductor and of construction and characteristics according to the operating voltage and the type of insulation on the tic conductors or (2) automatic circuit breakers actuated by devices having comparable time- current characteristics.
(4) Interconnection of Phase Conductors Between Trans- former Supply Points. Where the tic consists of more than one conductor per phase or neutral, the conductors of cach phase or neutral shall comply with 450.6(A) (4) (a) or (A) (4)(b).
(a) Interconnected. The conductors shall be interconnec- ted in order to establish a load supply point, and the protective device specified in 450.6(A) (3) shall be provided in cach ungrounded tic conductor at this point on both sides of the interconnection. The means of interconnection shall have an ampacity not less than the load to be served.
(b) Not Interconnected. The loads shall be connected to one or more individual conductors of a paralleled conductor tic without interconnecting the conductors of cach phase or neutral and without the protection specified in 450.6(A) (3) at load connection points. Where this is done, the tic conductors of cach phase or neutral shall have a combined capacity ampac- ity of not less than 133 percent of the rated secondary current of the highest rated transformer supplying the secondary tic system, the total load of such taps shall not exceed the rated secondary current of the highest rated transformer, and the loads shall be equally divided on cach phase and on the indi- vidual conductors of cach phase as far as practicable.
(5) Tie Circuit Control. Where the operating voltage exceeds 150 volts to ground, secondary tics provided with limiters shall have a switch at cach end that, when open, de-energizes the associated tic conductors and limiters. The current rating of the switch shall not be less than the rated current ampacity of the conductors connected to the switch. It shall be capable of interrupting its rated current, and it shall be constructed so that it will not open under the magnetic forces resulting from short-circuit current.
(B) Overcurrent Protection for Secondary Connections. Where secondary ties are used, an overcurrent device rated or sct at not more than 250 percent of the rated secondary current of the transformers shall be provided in the secondary connections of cach transformer supplying the tic system. In
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-375
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
450.6
ARTICLE 450 - TRANSFORMERS AND TRANSFORMER VAULTS (INCLUDING SECONDARY TIES)
addition, an automatic circuit breaker actuated by a reverse- current relay set to open the circuit at not more than the rated secondary current of the transformer shall be provided in the secondary connection of cach transformer.
(C) Grounding. Where the secondary tic system is grounded, cach transformer secondary supplying the tic system shall be grounded in accordance with 250.30 for separately derived systems.
450.7 Parallel Operation. Transformers shall be permitted to be operated in parallel and switched as a unit, provided the overcurrent protection for cach transformer meets the require- ments of 450.3(A) for primary and secondary protective devi- ces over 1000 volts, or 450.3(B) for primary and secondary protective devices 1000 volts or less.
450.8 Guarding. Transformers shall be guarded as specified in 450.8(A) through (D).
(A) Mechanical Protection. Appropriate provisions shall be made to minimize the possibility of damage to transformers from external causes where the transformers are exposed to physical damage.
(B) Case or Enclosure. Dry-type transformers shall be provi- ded with a noncombustible moisture-resistant case or enclosure that provides protection against the accidental insertion of foreign objects.
(C) Exposed Energized Parts. Switches or other equipment operating at 1000 volts, nominal, or less and serving only cquip- ment within a transformer enclosure shall be permitted to be installed in the transformer enclosure if accessible to qualified persons only. All energized parts shall be guarded in accord- ance with 110.27 and 110.34.
(D) Voltage Warning. The operating voltage of exposed live parts of transformer installations shall be indicated by signs or visible markings on the equipment or structures.
450.9 Ventilation. The ventilation shall dispose of the trans- former full-load heat losses without creating a temperature risc that is in excess of the transformer rating.
Informational Note No. 1: See IEEE C57.12.00-2015, General Requirements for Liquid-Immersed Distribution, Power, and Regulating Transformers, and IEEE C57.12.01-2020, General Requirements for Dry-Type Distribution and Power Transformers, for additional infor- mation.
Informational Note No. 2: See IEEE C57.110-2018, Recommended Practice for Establishing Liquid-Filled and Dry-Type Power and Distri- bution Transformer Capability When Supplying Nonsinusoidal Load Currents, for more information where transforners are used with nonlinear loads that have nonsinusoidal currents that can result in additional losses and transfonner heating.
Transformers with ventilating openings shall be installed so that the ventilating openings are not blocked by walls or other obstructions. The required clearances shall be clearly marked on the transformer. Transformer top surfaces that are horizon- tal and readily accessible shall be marked to prohibit storage.
450.10 Grounding and Bonding.
(A) Dry-Type Transformer Enclosures. Where separate equip- ment grounding conductors and supply-side bonding jumpers are installed, a terminal bar for all grounding and bonding conductor connections shall be secured inside the transformer enclosure. The terminal bar shall be bonded to the enclosure
in accordance with 250.12 and shall not be installed on or over any vented portion of the enclosure.
Exception: Where a dry-type transformer is equipped with wire-type connections (leads), the grounding and bonding connections shall be permitted to be connected together using any of the methods in 250.8 and shall be bonded to the enclosure if of metal.
(B) Other Metal Parts. Exposed non-current-carrying metal parts of transformer installations, including fences, guards, and so forth, shall be grounded and bonded under the conditions and in the manner specified for electrical equipment and other exposed metal parts in Parts V, VI, and VII of Article 250.
450.11 Marking.
(A) General. Each transformer shall be provided with a name- plate giving the following information:
(1) Name of manufacturer
(2) Rated kilovolt-amperes
(3) Frequency
(4) Primary and secondary voltage
(5) Impedance of transformers 25 kVA and larger
(6) Required clearances for transformers with ventilating openings
(7) Amount and kind of insulating liquid where used
(8) For dry-type transformers, temperature class for the insu- lation system
(B) Source Marking. A transformer shall be permitted to be supplied at the marked secondary voltage, provided that the installation is in accordance with the manufacturer's instruc- tions.
450.12 Terminal Wiring Space. The minhnum wire-bending space at fixed, 1000-volt and below terminals of transformer linc and load connections shall be as required in 312.6. Wiring space for pigtail connections shall conform to Table 314.16(B) (1).
450.13 Accessibility. All transformers and transformer vaults shall be readily accessible to qualified personnel for inspection and maintenance or shall meet the requirements of 450.13(A) or 450.13(B).
(A) Open Installations. Dry-type transformers 1000 volts, nominal, or less, located in the open on walls, columns, or structures, shall not be required to be readily accessible.
(B) Hollow Space Installations. Dry-typc transformers 1000 volts, nominal, or less and not exceeding 50 kVA shall be permitted in hollow spaces of buildings not permanently closed in by structure, provided they meet the ventilation require- ments of 450.9 and separation from combustible materials requirements of 450.21 (A). Transformers so installed shall not be required to be readily accessible.
450.14 Disconnecting Means. Transformers, other than Class 2 or Class 3 transformers, shall have a disconnecting means loca- ted cither in sight of the transformer or in a remote location. Where located in a remote location, the disconnecting means shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25, and its loca- tion shall be field marked on the transformer.
70-376
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
450.26
ARTICLE 450- TRANSFORMERS AND TRANSFORMER VAULTS (INCLUDING SECONDARY TIES)
Part II. Installation
450.21 Dry-Type Transformers Installed Indoors.
(A) Not Over 1121/2 kVA. Dry-type transformers installed indoors and rated 1121/9 kVA or less shall have a separation of at Icast 300 mm (12 in.) from combustible material unless separa- ted from the combustible material by a fire-resistant, heat- insulated barrier.
Exception: This rule shall not apply to transformers rated for 1000 volts, nominal, or less that are completely enclosed, except for ventilating openings.
(B) Over 1121/2 kVA. Individual dry-type transformers of more than 1121/2 kVA rating shall be installed in a transformer room of fire-resistant construction having a minimum fire rating of I hour.
Exception No. 1: Transformers with Class 155 or higher insulation systems and separated from combustible material by a fire-resistant, heat-insulating barrier or by not less than 1.83 m (6 ft) horizontally and 3.7 m (12 ft) vertically shall not be required to be installed in a transformer room.
Exception No. 2: Transformers with Class 155 or higher insulation systems and completely enclosed except for ventilating openings shall not be required to be installed in a transformer room.
Informational Note: See ASTM E119-18a, Standard Test Methods for Fine Tests of Building Construction and Materials, for additional information on fire-resistance ratings.
(C) Over 35,000 Volts. Dry-type transformers rated over 35,000 volts shall be installed in a vault complying with Part III of this article.
450.22 Dry-Type Transformers Installed Outdoors. Dry-type transformers installed outdoors shall have a weatherproof enclosure.
Transformers exceeding 1121/2 kVA shall not be located within 300 mm (12 in.) of combustible materials of buildings unless the transformer has Class 155 insulation systems or higher and is completely enclosed except for ventilating open- ings.
450.23 Less-Flammable Liquid-Insulated Transformers. Trans- formers insulated with listed less-flammable liquids that have a fire point of not less than 300 shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with 450.23(A) or 450.23(B).
(A) Indoor Installations. Indoor installations shall be permit- ted in accordance with one of the following:
(1) In Type I or Type II buildings, in arcas where all of the following requirements are met:
a. The transformer is rated 35,000 volts or less.
b. No combustible materials are stored.
c. A liquid confinement arca is provided.
d. The installation complies with all the restrictions provided for in the listing of the liquid.
Informational Note: Such restrictions can include, but are not limited to, maximum pressure of the tank, use of a pres- sure relief valve, appropriate fuse types, and proper sizing of overcurrent protection.
(2) If an automatic fire extinguishing system and a liquid confinement arca is present, provided the transformer is rated 35,000 volts or less
(3) If the installation complies with 450.26
(B) Outdoor Installations. Less-flammable liquid-filled trans- formers shall be permitted to be installed outdoors, attached to, adjacent to, or on the roof of buildings, if installed in accordance with either of the following:
(1) For Type I and Type II buildings, the installation shall comply with all the restrictions provided for in the listing of the liquid.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 220-2021, Standard on Types of Building Construction, for definitions of Type I and Type II building construction.
Informational Note No. 2: Such restrictions can include, but are not limited to, maximum pressure of the tank, use of a pressure relief valve, appropriate fuse types, and proper sizing of overcur- rent protection.
(2) In accordance with 450.27.
Informational Note No. 3: See 450.27 for examples of additional safeguards that can be required for installations adjacent to combustible material, fire escapes, or door and window open- ings.
450.24 Nonflammable Fluid-Insulated Transformers. Trans- formers insulated with a dielectric fluid identified as nonflam- mable shall be permitted to be installed indoors or outdoors. Such transformers installed indoors and rated over 35,000 volts shall be installed in a vault. Such transformers installed indoors shall be furnished with a liquid confinement arca and a pressure-relief vent. The transformers shall be furnished with a means for absorbing any gases generated by arcing inside the tank, or the pressure-relief vent shall be connected to a chim- ney or fluc that will carry such gases to an environmentally safe arca.
Informational Note: Safety may be increased if fire hazard analy- ses are perforned for such transforiner installations.
For the purposes of this section, a nonflammable dielectric fluid is one that does not have a flash point or fire point and is not flammable in air.
450.25 Askarel-Insulated Transformers Installed Indoors. Askarel-insulated transformers installed indoors and rated over 25 kVA shall be furnished with a pressure-relief vent. Where installed in a poorly ventilated place, they shall be furnished with a means for absorbing any gases generated by arcing inside the case, or the pressure-relief vent shall be connected to a chimney or fluc that carries such gases outside the building. Askarcl-insulated transformers rated over 35,000 volts shall be installed in a vault.
450.26 Oil-Insulated Transformers Installed Indoors. Oil- insulated transformers installed indoors shall be installed in a vault constructed as specified in Part III of this article.
Exception No. 1: Where the total capacity does not exceed 1121/2 kVA, the vault specified in Part III of this article shall be permitted to be constructed of reinforced concrete that is not less than 100 mm (4 in.) thick.
Exception No. 2: Where the nominal voltage does not exceed 1000, a vault shall not be required af suitable arrangements are made to prevent a transformer oil fire from igniting other materials and the total
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-377
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
450.27
ARTICLE 450 - TRANSFORMERS AND TRANSFORMER VAULTS (INCLUDING SECONDARY TIES)
capacity in one location does not exceed 10 kVA in a section of the building classified as combustible or 75 kVA where the surrounding structure is classified as fire-resistant construction.
Exception No. 3: Electric furnace transformers that have a total rating not exceeding 75 kVA shall be permitted to be installed without a vault in a building or room of fire-resistant construction, provided suitable arrangements are made to prevent a transformer oil fire from spreading to other combustible material.
Exception No. 4: A transformer that has a total rating not exceeding 75 kVA and a supply voltage of 1000 volts or less that is an integral part of charged-particle-accelerating equipment shall be permitted to be installed without a vault in a building or room of noncombustible or fire-resistant construction, provided suitable arrangements are made to prevent a transformer oil fire from spreading to other combustible mate- rial.
Exception No. 5: Transformers shall be permitted to be installed in a detached building that does not comply with Part III of this article if neither the building nor its contents present a fire hazard to any other building or property, and if the building is used only in supplying elec- tric service and the interior is accessible only to qualified persons.
Exception No. 6: Oil-insulated transformers shall be permitted to be used without a vault in portable and mobile surface mining equipment (such as electric excavators) if each of the following conditions is met:
(1) Provision is made for draining leaking fluid to the ground.
(2) Safe egress is provided for personnel.
(3) A minimum 6-mm (1/4-in.) steel barrier is provided for personnel protection.
450.27 Oil-Insulated Transformers Installed Outdoors. Combustible material, combustible buildings, and parts of buildings, fire escapes, and door and window openings shall be safeguarded from fires originating in oil-insulated transformers installed on roofs, attached to or adjacent to a building or combustible material.
In cases where the transformer installation presents a fire hazard, one or more of the following safeguards shall be applied according to the degree of hazard involved:
(1) Space separations
(2) Fire-resistant barriers
(3) Automatic fire suppression systems
(4) Enclosures that confine the oil of a ruptured transformer tank
Oil enclosures shall be permitted to consist of fire-resistant dikes, curbed arcas or basins, or trenches filled with coarse, crushed stone. Oil enclosures shall be provided with trapped drains where the exposure and the quantity of oil involved are such that removal of oil is important.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, for additional information on transformers installed on poles or structures or underground.
450.28 Modification of Transformers. When modifications arc made to a transformer in an existing installation that change the type of the transformer with respect to Part II of this article, such transformer shall be marked to show the type of insulating liquid installed, and the modified transformer installation shall comply with the applicable requirements for that type of trans- former.
Part III. Transformer Vaults
450.41 Location. Vaults shall be located where they can be ventilated to the outside air without using flues or ducts wher- ever such an arrangement is practicable.
450.42 Walls, Roofs, and Floors. The walls and roofs of vaults shall be constructed of materials that have approved structural strength for the conditions with a minimum fire resistance of 3 hours. The floors of vaults in contact with the carth shall be of concrete that is not less than 100 mm (4 in.) thick, but, where the vault is constructed with a vacant space or other stories below it, the floor shall have approved structural strength for the load imposed thercon and a minimum fire resistance of 3 hours. For the purposes of this section, studs and wallboard construction shall not be permitted.
Exception: Where transformers are protected with automatic sprinkler, water spray, carbon dioxide, or halon, construction of 1-hour rating shall be permitted.
Informational Note No. 1: See ASTM E119-20, Standard Test Methods for Fire Tests of Building Construction and Materials, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: A typical 3-hour construction is 150 mm (6 in.) thick reinforced concrete.
450.43 Doorways. Vault doorways shall be protected in accord- ance with 450.43(A), (B), and (C).
(A) Type of Door. Each doorway leading into a vault from the building interior shall be provided with a tight-fitting door that has a minimum fire rating of 3 hours. The authority having jurisdiction shall be permitted to require such a door for an exterior wall opening where conditions warrant.
Exception: Where transformers are protected with automatic sprinkler, water spray, carbon dioxide, or halon, construction of 1-hour rating shall be permitted.
Informational Note: See NFPA 80-2019, Standard for Fire Doors and Other Opening Protertives, for additional information.
(B) Sills. A door sill or curb that is of an approved height that will confine the oil from the largest transformer within the vault shall be provided, and in no case shall the height be less than 100 mm (4 in.).
(C) Accessibility. Doors shall be equipped with locks, and doors shall be kept locked, with access being allowed only to qualified persons. Personnel doors shall be capable of opening not less than 90 degrees in the direction of egress and be cquipped with listed fire exit hardwarc.
450.45 Ventilation Openings. Where required by 450.9, open- ings for ventilation shall be provided in accordance with 450.45(A) through (F).
(A) Location. Ventilation openings shall be located as far as possible from doors, windows, fire escapes, and combustible material.
(B) Arrangement. A vault ventilated by natural circulation of air shall be permitted to have roughly half of the total arca of openings required for ventilation in one or more openings near the floor and the remainder in one or more openings in the roof or in the sidewalls near the roof, or all of the arca required for ventilation shall be permitted in one or more openings in or near the roof.
70-378
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
455.8
ARTICLE 455 - PHASE CONVERTERS
(C) Size. For a vault ventilated by natural circulation of air to an outdoor arca, the combined net arca of all ventilating open- ings, after deducting the arca occupied by screens, gratings, or louvers, shall not be less than 1900 mm2 (3 in.2) per kVA of transformer capacity in service, and in no case shall the net arca be less than 0.1 m2 (1 ft2) for any capacity under 50 kVA.
(D) Covering. Ventilation openings shall be covered with durable gratings, screens, or louvers, according to the treat- ment required in order to avoid unsafe conditions.
(E) Dampers. All ventilation openings to the indoors shall be provided with automatic closing fire dampers that operate in response to a vault fire. Such dampers shall possess a standard fire rating of not less than 11/2 hours.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 355-2020, Standard for Fire Dampers, for additional information on fire dampers.
(F) Ducts. Ventilating ducts shall be constructed of fire- resistant material.
450.46 Drainage. Where practicable, vaults containing more than 100 kVA transformer capacity shall be provided with a drain or other means that will carry off any accumulation of oil or water in the vault unless local conditions make this impracti- cable. The floor shall be pitched to the drain where provided.
450.47 Water Pipes and Accessories. Any pipc or duct system foreign to the electrical installation shall not enter or pass through a transformer vault. Piping or other facilities provided for vault fire protection, or for transformer cooling, shall not be considered foreign to the electrical installation.
450.48 Storage in Vaults. Materials shall not be stored in trans- former vault.s.
ARTICLE 455 Phase Converters
Part I. General
455.1 Scope. This article covers the installation and use of phase converters.
455.3 Other Articles. Phase converters shall comply with this article and with the applicable provisions of other articles of this Code.
455.4 Marking. Each phase converter shall be provided with a permanent nameplate indicating the following:
(1) Manufacturer's name
(2) Rated input and output voltages
(3) Frequency
(4) Rated single-phase input full-load amperes
(5) Rated minimum and maximum single load in kilovolt- amperes (kVA) or horsepower
(6) Maximum total load in kilovolt-amperes (kVA) or horse- power
(7) For a rotary-phase converter, 3-phase amperes at full load
455.5 Equipment Grounding Connection. A means for attach- ment of an equipment grounding conductor termination in accordance with 250.8 shall be provided.
455.6 Conductors.
(A) Ampacity. The ampacity of the single-phase supply conductors shall be determined by 455.6(A) (1) or (A) (2).
Informational Note: Single-phase conductors sized to prevent a voltage drop not exceeding 3 percent from the source of supply to the phase converter may help ensure proper starting and operation of motor loads.
(1) Variable Loads. Where the loads to be supplied are varia- ble, the conductor ampacity shall not be less than 125 percent of the phase converter nameplate single-phase input full-load amperes.
(2) Fixed Loads. Where the phase converter supplies specific fixed loads, and the conductor ampacity is less than 125 percent of the phase converter nameplate single-phase input full-load amperes, the conductors shall have an ampacity not less than 250 percent of the sum of the full-load, 3-phase current rating of the motors and other loads served where the input and output voltages of the phase converter are identical. Where the input and output voltages of the phase converter are different, the current as determined by this section shall be multiplied by the ratio of output to input voltage.
(B). Manufactured Phase Marking. The manufactured phase conductors shall be identified in all accessible locations with a distinctive marking. The marking shall be consistent through- out the system and premises.
455.7 Overcurrent Protection. The single-phase supply conductors and phase converter shall be protected from over- current by 455.7(A) or (B). Where the required fuse or nonadjustable circuit breaker rating or settings of adjustable circuit breakers do not correspond to a standard rating or setting, a higher rating or setting that does not exceed the next higher standard rating shall be permitted.
(A) Variable Loads. Where the loads to be supplied are varia- ble, overcurrent protection shall be set at not more than 125 percent of the phase converter nameplate single-phase input full-load amperes.
(B) Fixed Loads. Where the phase converter supplies specific fixed loads and the conductors are sized in accordance with 455.6(A) (2), the conductors shall be protected in accordance with their ampacity. The overcurrent protection determined from this section shall not exceed 125 percent of the phase converter nameplate single-phase input amperes.
455.8 Disconnecting Means. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect simultaneously all ungrounded single-phase supply conductors to the phase converter.
(A) Location. The disconnecting means shall be readily acces- sible and located in sight from the phase converter.
(B) Type. The disconnecting means shall be a switch rated in horsepower, a circuit breaker, or a molded-case switch. Where only nonmotor loads are served, an ampere-rated switch shall be permitted.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-379
455.8
ARTICLE 460 -CAPACITORS
(C) Rating. The ampere rating of the disconnecting means shall not be less than 115 percent of the rated maximum single- phase input full-load amperes or, for specific fixed loads, shall be permitted to be selected from 455.8(C) (1) or (C) (2).
(1) Current Rated Disconnect. The disconnecting means shall be a circuit breaker or molded-case switch with an ampere rating not less than 250 percent of the sum of the following:
(1) Full-load, 3-phase current ratings of the motors
(2) Other loads served
(2) Horsepower Rated Disconnect. The disconnecting means shall be a switch with a horsepower rating. The equivalent locked rotor current of the horsepower rating of the switch shall not be less than 200 percent of the sum of the following:
(1) Nonmotor loads
(2) The 3-phase, locked-rotor current of the largest motor as determined from Table 430.251 (B)
(3) The full-load current of all other 3-phase motors operat- ing at the same time
(D) Voltage Ratios. The calculations in 455.8(C) shall apply directly where the input and output voltages of the phase converter are identical. Where the input and output voltages of the phase converter are different, the current shall be multi- plicd by the ratio of the output to input voltage.
455.9 Connection of Single-Phase Loads. Where single-phase loads are connected on the load side of a phase converter, they shall not be connected to the manufactured phase.
455.10 Terminal Housings. A terminal housing in accordance with the provisions of 430.12 shall be provided on a phase converter.
Part II. Specific Provisions Applicable to Different Types of Phase Converters
455.20 Disconnecting Means. The single-phase disconnecting means for the input of a static phase converter shall be permit- ted to serve as the disconnecting means for the phase converter and a single load if the load is within sight of the disconnecting mcans.
455.21 Start-Up. Power to the utilization, equipment shall not be supplied until the rotary-phase converter has been started.
455.22 Power Interruption. Utilization equipment supplied by a rotary-phase converter shall be controlled in such a manner that power to the equipment will be disconnected in the event of a power interruption.
Informational Note: Magnetic motor starters, magnetic contac- tors, and similar devices, with manual or time delay restarting for the load, provide restarting after power interruption.
455.23 Capacitors. Capacitors that are not an integral part of the rotary-phase conversion system but are installed for a motor load shall be connected to the line side of that motor overload protective device.
ARTICLE 460 Capacitors
Part I. General
460.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of capacitors on electrical circuits.
Surge capacitors or capacitors included as a component part of other apparatus and conforming with the requirements of such apparatus are excluded from these requirements.
460.3 Enclosing and Guarding.
(A) Containing More Than 11 L (3 gal) of Flammable Liquid. Capacitors containing more than 11 L (3 gal) of flammable liquid shall be enclosed in vaults or outdoor fenced enclosures complying with Article 110, Part III. This limit shall apply to any single unit in an installation of capacitors.
(B) Accidental Contact. Where capacitors are accessible to unauthorized and unqualified persons, they shall be enclosed, located, or guarded so that persons cannot come into acciden- tal contact or bring conducting materials into accidental contact with exposed energized parts, terminals, or buses asso- ciated with them. However, no additional guarding is required for enclosures accessible only to authorized and qualified persons:
Part II. 1000 Volts, Nominal, or Less
460.6 Discharge of Stored Energy. Capacitors shall be provi- ded with a means of discharging stored energy.
(A) Time of Discharge. The residual voltage of a capacitor shall be reduced to 50 volts, nominal, or less within 1 minute after the capacitor is disconnected from the source of supply.
(B) Means of Discharge. The discharge circuit shall be either permanently connected to the terminals of the capacitor or capacitor bank or provided with automatic means of connect- ing it to the terminals of the capacitor bank on removal of volt- age from the line. Manual means of switching or connecting the discharge circuit shall not be used.
460.8 Conductors.
(A) Ampacity. The ampacity of capacitor circuit conductors shall not be less than 135 percent of the rated current of the capacitor. The ampacity of conductors that connect a capacitor to the terminals of a motor or to motor circuit conductors shall not be less than one-third the ampacity of the motor circuit conductors and in no case less than 135 percent of the rated current of the capacitor.
(B) Overcurrent Protection. An overcurrent device shall be provided in cach ungrounded conductor for cach capacitor bank. The rating or setting of the overcurrent device shall be as low as practicable.
Exception: A separate overcurrent device shall not be required for a capacitor connected on the load side of a motor overload protective device.
70-380
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
460.28
ARTICLE 460 -CAPACITORS
(C) Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting means shall be provided in cach ungrounded conductor for cach capacitor bank and shall meet the following requirements:
(1) The disconnecting means shall open all ungrounded conductors simultaneously.
(2) The disconnecting means shall be permitted to discon- nect the capacitor from the line as a regular operating procedurc.
(3) The rating of the disconnecting means shall not be less than 135 percent of the rated current of the capacitor.
Exception: A separate disconnecting means shall not be required where a capacitor is connected on the load side of a motor controller.
460.9 Rating or Setting of Motor Overload Device. Where a motor installation includes a capacitor connected on the load side of the motor overload device, the rating or setting of the motor overload device shall be based on the improved power factor of the motor circuit.
The effect of the capacitor shall be disregarded in determin- ing the motor circuit conductor rating in accordance with 430.22.
460.10 Grounding. Capacitor cases shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
Exception: Capacitor cases shall not be connected to the equipment grounding conductor where the capacitor units are supported on a structure designed to operate at other than ground potential.
460.12 Marking. Each capacitor shall be provided with a nameplate giving the name of the manufacturer, rated voltage, frequency, kilovar or amperes, number of phases, and, if filled with a combustible liquid, the volume of liquid. Where filled with a nonflammable liquid, the nameplate shall so state. The nameplate shall also indicate whether a capacitor has a discharge device inside the case.
Part III. Over 1000 Volts, Nominal 460.24 Switching.
(A) Load Current. Switches shall he rated for switching of capacitive load.s. Capacitor switch operation shall open all ungrounded conductors and the switch shall be capable of the following:
(1) Carrying continuously not less than 135 percent of the rated current of the capacitor installation
(2) Interrupting the maximum continuous load current of cach capacitor, capacitor bank, or capacitor installation that will be switched as a unit
(3) Withstanding the maximum inrush current, including contributions from adjacent capacitor installations
(4) Carrying currents due to faults on capacitor side of switch
(B) Isolation.
(1) General. A means shall be installed to isolate from all sour- ces of voltage cach capacitor, capacitor bank, or capacitor installation that will be removed from service as a unit. The isolating means shall provide a visible gap in the electrical circuit adequate for the operating voltage.
(2) Isolating or Disconnecting Switches with No Interrupting Rating. Isolating or disconnecting switches (with no interrupt- ing rating) shall be interlocked with the load-interrupting device or be provided with prominently displayed caution signs in accordance with 495.22 to prevent switching load current.
(C) Additional Requirements for Series Capacitors. The proper switching sequence shall be ensured by use of one of the following:
(1) Mechanically sequenced isolating and bypass switches
(2) Interlocks
(3) Switching procedure prominently displayed at the switch- ing location
460.25 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Provided to Detect and Interrupt Fault Current. A means shall be provided to detect and interrupt fault current likely to cause dangerous pressure within an individual capacitor.
(B) Single Pole or Multipole Devices. Single-pole or multipole devices shall be permitted for this purpose.
(C) Protected Individually or in Groups. Capacitors shall be permitted to be protected individually or in groups.
(D) Protective Devices Rated or Adjusted. Protective devices for capacitors or capacitor equipment shall be rated or adjus- ted to operate within the limits of the safe zone for individual capacitors.
460.26 Identification. Each capacitor shall be provided with a permanent nameplate giving the manufacturer's name, rated voltage, frequency, kilovar or amperes, number of phases, and the volume of liquid identified as flammable, if such is the case.
460.27 Grounding. Capacitor cases shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor. If the capacitor neutral point is connected to a grounding electrode conductor, the connec- tion shall be made in accordance with Part III of Article 250.
Exception: Capacitor cases shall not be connected to the equipment grounding conductor where the capacitor units are supported on a structure designed to operate at other than ground potential.
460.28 Means for Discharge.
(A) Means to Reduce the Residual Voltage. A means shall be provided to reduce the residual voltage of a capacitor to 50 volts or less within 5 minutes after the capacitor is discon- nected from the source of supply.
(B) Connection to Terminals. A discharge circuit shall be cither permanently connected to the terminals of the capacitor or provided with automatic means of connecting it to the terminals of the capacitor bank after disconnection of the capacitor from the source of supply. The windings of motors, transformers, or other equipment directly connected to capaci- tors without a switch or overcurrent device interposed shall meet the requirements of 460.28(A).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-381
470.1
ARTICLE 480 -STATIONARY STANDBY BATTERIES
ARTICLE 470 Resistors and Reactors
Part I. General
470.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of separate resistors and reactors on electrical circuits.
Exception: This article does not cover resistors and reactors that are component parts of other apparatus.
470.2 Reconditioned Equipment.
(A) Resistors. Reconditioned resistors shall not be permitted.
(B) Reactors. Reconditioned reactors shall be permitted.
Part II. 1000 Volts, Nominal, or Less
470.10 Location. Resistors and reactors shall not be placed where exposed to physical damage.
470.11 Space Separation. A thermal barrier shall be required if the space between the resistors or reactors and any combusti- ble material is less than 305 mm (12 in.).
470.12 Conductor Insulation. Insulated conductors used for connections between resistance clements and controllers shall be suitable for an operating temperature of not less than 90 (194°F).
Exception: Other conductor insulations shall be permitted for the motor starting servire.
Part III. Over 1000 Volts, Nominal
470.20 General.
(A) Protected Against Physical Damage. Resistors and reactors shall be protected against physical damage.
(B) Isolated by Enclosure or Elevation. Resistors and reactors shall be isolated by enclosure or elevation to protect personnel from accidental contact with energized parts.
(C) Combustible Materials. Resistors and reactors shall not be installed in close enough proximity to combustible materials to constitute a fire hazard and shall have a clearance of not less than 305 mm (12 in.) from combustible materials.
(D) Clearances. Clearances from resistors and reactors to grounded surfaces shall be adequate for the voltage involved.
(E) Temperature Rise from Induced Circulating Currents. Metallic enclosures of reactors and adjacent metal parts shall be installed so that the temperature rise from induced circulat- ing currents is not hazardous to personnel or does not consti- tute a fire hazard.
470.21 Grounding. Resistor and reactor cases or enclosures shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
Exception: Resistor or reactor cases or enclosures supported on a struc- ture designed to operate at other than ground potential shall not be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
470.22 Oil-Filled Reactors. Installation of oil-filled reactors, in addition to the above requirements, shall comply with applica- ble requirements of Part II and Part III of Article 450.
ARTICLE 480 Stationary Standby Batteries
480.1 Scope. This article applies to all installations of station- ary standby batteries having a capacity greater than 3.6 MJ (1 kWh).
Informational Note No. 1: See Article 706 for installations that do not meet the definition of stationary standby batteries.
Informational Note No. 2: The following standards are frequently referenced for the installation of stationary batteries:
(1) IEEE 484, Recommended Practice for Installation Design and Installation of Vented Lead-Acid Batteries for Stationary Appli- cations
(2) IEEE 485, Recommended Practice for Sizing Vented Lead-Acid Storage Batteries for Stationary Applications
(3) IEEE 1145, Recommended Practice for Installation and Main- tenante of Nickel-Cadmium Batteries for Photovoltaic (P.V) Systems
(4) . IEEE 1187, JEFF Recommended Practice for Installation Design, and Installation of Valor-Regulated Ipad-Acid Batteries for Stationary Applications
(5) IEEE 1375, JEFF. Guide for the Protection of Stationary Battery Systems
(6) IEEE 1578, Recommended Practice for Stationary Battery Eler- trolyte Spill Containment and Management
(7) IEEE 1635/ASHRAE 21, Guide for the Ventilation and Ther- mal Management of Batteries for Stationary Applications
(8) UL 1973, Standard for Batteries for Use in Stationary, Vehicle Auxiliary Power, and Light Electric Rail (I.E.R) Applications
(9) UL Subject 2436, Outline of Investigation for Spill Contain- ment for Stationary Lead Acid Battery Systems
(10) UL 1989, Standard for Standby Batteries
(11) UL Subject 1974, Standard for Evaluation of Repurposed Batteries
(12) NFPA 855-2020, Standard for the Installation of Stationary Energy Storage Systems
480.3 Equipment. Storage batteries and battery management equipment shall be listed. This requirement shall not apply to lcad-acid batteries.
480.4 Battery and Cell Terminations.
(A) Corrosion Prevention. Where mating dissimilar metals, antioxidant material suitable for the battery connection shall be used where recommended by the battery manufacturer's installation and instruction manual.
(B) Intercell and Intertier Conductors and Connections. The ampacity of field-assembled intercell and intertier connectors and conductors shall be of such cross-sectional arca that the temperature rise under maximum load conditions and at maxi- mum ambient temperature shall not exceed the safe operating temperature of the conductor insulation or of the material of the conductor supports.
Informational Note: Conductors sized to prevent a voltage drop exceeding 3 percent of maximum anticipated load, and where the maximum total voltage drop to the furthest point of connec-
70-382
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL. CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 480 -STATIONARY STANDBY BATTERIES
480.10
tion does not exceed 5 percent, may not be appropriate for all battery applications. IEEE 1375-2003, Guide for the Protection of Stationary Battery Systems, provides guidance for overcurrent protection and associated cable sizing.
(C) Battery Terminals. Electrical connections to the battery, and the cable (s) between cells on separate levels or racks, shall not put mechanical strain on the battery terminals. Terminal plates shall be used where practicable.
Informational Note: Conductors are commonly pre-formed to eliminate stress on battery terminations. Fine stranded cables may also eliminate the stress on battery terminations. See the manufacturer's instructions for guidance.
(D) Accessibility. The terminals of all cells or multicell units shall be readily accessible for readings, inspections, and clean- ing where required by the equipment design. One side of trans- parent battery containers shall be readily accessible for inspection of the internal components.
480.5 Wiring and Equipment Supplied from Batteries. Wiring and equipment supplied from storage batteries shall be subject to the applicable provisions of this Code applying to wiring and equipment operating at the same voltage, unless otherwise permitted by 480.6.
480.6 Overcurrent Protection for Prime Movers. Overcurrent protection shall not be required for conductors from a battery with a voltage of 60 volts de or less if the battery provides power for starting, ignition, or control of prime movers. Section 300.3 shall not apply to these conductors.
480.7 DC Disconnect Methods.
(A) Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting means shall be provided for all ungrounded conductors derived from a stationary standby battery with a voltage over 60 volts de. A disconnecting means shall be readily accessible and located within sight of the stationary standby battery.
Informational Note: See 240.21 (H) for information on the loca- tion of the overcurrent device for battery conductors.
(B) Emergency Disconnect. For one-family and two-family dwellings, a disconnecting means or its remote control for a stationary standby battery shall be located at a readily accessible location outside the building for emergency use. The discon- nect shall be labeled as follows:
EMERGENCY DISCONNECT
(C) Disconnection of Series Battery Circuits. Battery circuits exceeding 240 volts de nominal between conductors or to ground and subject to field servicing shall have provisions to disconnect the series-connected strings into segments not exceeding 240 volts de nominal for maintenance by qualified persons. Non-load-break bolted or plug-in disconnects shall be permitted.
(D) Remote Actuation. Where a disconnecting means, located in accordance with 480.7(A), is provided with remote controls to activate the disconnecting means and the controls for the disconnecting means are not located within sight of the station- ary standby battery, the disconnecting means shall be capable of being locked in the open position, in accordance with 110.25, and the location of the controls shall be field marked on the disconnecting means.
(E) Busway. Where a de busway system is installed, the discon- necting means shall be permitted to be incorporated into the busway.
(F) Notification. The disconnecting means shall be legibly marked in the field. A label with the marking shall be placed in a conspicuous location near the battery if a disconnecting means is not provided. The marking shall be of sufficient dura- bility to withstand the environment involved and shall include the following:
(1) Nominal battery voltage
(2) Available fault current derived from the stationary standby battery
Informational Note No. 1: Battery equipment suppliers can provide information about available fault current on specific battery models.
(3) An arc flash label in accordance with acceptable industry practice
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 70E-2021, Standard for Eler- trical Safety in the Workplace, for assistance in determining the severity of potential exposure, planning safe work practices, arc flash labeling, and selecting personal protective equipment.
(4) Date the calculation was performed
Exception: List items (2), (3), and (4) shall not apply to one- and two- family dwellings.
(G) Identification of Power Sources. Stationary standby batter- ies shall be indicated by 480.7(G) (I) and (G) (2).
(1) Facilities with Utility Services and Stationary Standby Batteries. Plaques or directories shall be installed in accord- ance with 705.10.
Exception: This requirement does not apply where a disconnect in 480.7(A) is not required.
(2) Facilities with Stand-Alone Systems. A permanent plaque or directory shall be installed in accordance with 710.10.
480.8 Insulation of Batteries. Batteries constructed of an elec- trically conductive container shall have insulating support if a voltage is present between the container and ground.
480.9 Battery Support Systems. For battery chemistries with corrosive electrolyte, the structure that supports the battery shall be resistant to deteriorating action by the electrolyte. Metallic structures shall be provided with nonconducting support members for the cells, or shall be constructed with a continuous insulating material. Paint alone shall not be consid- cred as an insulating material.
480.10 Battery Locations. Battery locations shall conform to 480.10(A) through (G).
(A) Ventilation. Provisions appropriate to the battery technol- ogy shall be made for sufficient diffusion and ventilation of gases from the battery, if present, to prevent the accumulation of an explosive mixture.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 1-2021, Fire Code, Chap- ter 52, for ventilation considerations for specific battery chemis- tries.
Informational Note No. 2: Some battery technologies do not require ventilation.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-383
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
480.10
ARTICLE 495 - EQUIPMENT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
Informational Note No. 3: See IEEE Std 1635-2012/ASHRAE Guideline 21-2012, Guide for the Ventilation and Thermal Manage- ment of Batteries for Stationary Applications, for additional informa- tion on the ventilation of stationary battery systems.
(B) Live Parts. Guarding of live parts shall comply with 110.27.
(C) Spaces About Stationary Standby Batteries. Spaces about stationary standby batteries shall comply with 110.26 and 110.34. Working space shall be measured from the edge of the battery cabinet, racks, or trays.
For battery racks, there shall be a minimum clearance of 25 mm (1 in.) between a cell container and any wall or struc- ture on the side not requiring access for maintenance. Battery stands shall be permitted to contact adjacent walls or struc- tures, provided that the battery shelf has a free air space for not less than 90 percent of its length.
Informational Note: Additional space is often needed to accom- modate battery hoisting equipment, tray removal, or spill containment.
(D) Top Terminal Batteries. Where top terminal batteries are installed on ticred racks or on shelves of battery cabinets, work- ing space in accordance with the battery manufacturer's instructions shall be provided between the highest point on a cell and the row, shelf, or ceiling above that point.
Informational Note: See IEEE 1187-2013, IFFE Recommended Practice for Installation Design and Installation of Value-Regulated Lead-Acid Batteries for Stationary Applications, for guidance for top clearance of valve-regulated lead-acid batteries, which are commonly used in battery cabinets.
(E) Egress. Personnel doors intended for entrance to, and egress from, rooms designated as battery rooms shall open at Icast 90 degrees in the direction of egress and shall be cquip- ped with listed panic or listed fire exit hardwarc.
(F) Piping in Battery Rooms. Gas piping shall not be permit- ted in dedicated battery rooms.
(G) Illumination. Illumination shall be provided for working spaces containing stationary standby batteries. The lighting outlets shall not be controlled by automatic means only. Addi- tional lighting outlets shall not be required where the work space is illuminated by an adjacent light source. The location of luminaires shall not result in the following:
(1) Expose personnel to energized battery components while performing maintenance on the luminaires in the battery spacc
(2) Create a hazard to the battery upon failure of the lumin- airc
480.11 Vents.
(A) Vented Cells. Each vented cell shall be equipped with a flame arrester.
Informational Note: A flame arrester prevents destruction of the cell due to ignition of gases within the cell by an external spark or flame.
(B) Sealed Cells. Where the battery is constructed such that an excessive accumulation of pressure could occur within the cell during operation, a pressure-release vent shall be provided.
480.12 Battery Interconnections. Flexible cables, as identified in Table 400.4, in sizes 2/0 AWG and larger shall be permitted
within the battery enclosure from battery terminals to a nearby junction box where they shall be connected to an approved wiring method. Flexible battery cables shall also be permitted between batteries and cells within the battery enclosure. Such cables shall be listed and identified for the environmental conditions. Flexible, fine-stranded cables shall only be used with terminals, lugs, devices, or connectors in accordance with 110.14.
480.13 Ground-Fault Detection. Battery circuits exceeding 100 volts between the conductors or to ground shall be permit- ted to operate with ungrounded conductors, provided a ground-fault detector and indicator is installed to monitor for ground faults.
ARTICLE 495 Equipment Over 1000 Volts ac, 1500 Volts dc, Nominal
Part I. General
495.1 Scope. This article covers the general requirements for equipment operating at more than 1000 volts ac, 1500 volts dc, nominal,
Infonnational Note No. 1: See NFPA 706-2021, Standard for Eler- trical Safety in the Workplace, for electrical safety requirements for employee workplaces.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI Z535.4-2011, Product Signs and Safety Labels, for further information on hazard signs and labels.
Informational Note No. 3: See IEEE 3001.5-2013, Recommended Practice for the Application of Power Distribution Apparatus in Indus- trial and Commercial Power Systems, for information regarding power distribution apparatus.
495.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Except as modified within this article, reconditioned equipment shall not be permitted.
495.3 Other Articles.
(A) Oil-Filled Equipment. Installation of electrical equipment containing more than 38 L (10 gal) of flammable oil per unit shall meet the requirements of Parts II and III of Article 450.
(B) Enclosures in Damp or Wet Locations. Enclosures in damp or wet locations shall meet the requirements of 312.2.
Part II. Equipment - Specific Provisions
495.22 Isolating Means. Mcans shall be provided to completely isolate an item of equipment from all ungrounded conductors. The use of isolating switches shall not be required where there are other ways of de-energizing the equipment for inspection and repairs, such as draw-out-type switchgear units and removable truck panels.
Isolating switches not interlocked with an approved circuit- interrupting device shall be provided with a sign warning against opening them under load. The warning sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
70-384
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 495 - EQUIPMENT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
495.34
An identified fuscholder and fuse shall be permitted as an isolating switch.
495.23 Voltage Regulators. Proper switching sequence for regulators shall be ensured by use of one of the following:
(1) Mechanically sequenced regulator bypass switch (cs) (2) .Vcchanical interlocks
(3) Switching procedure prominently displayed at the switch- ing location
495.24 Minimum Space Separation. In field-fabricated installa- tions, the minimum air separation between bare live conduc- tors and between such conductors and adjacent grounded surfaces shall not be less than the values given in Table 495.24. These values shall not apply to interior portions or exterior terminals of equipment designed, manufactured, and tested in accordance with accepted national standards.
495.25 Backfeed. Installations where the possibility of back- feed exists shall comply with 495.25(A) and (B).
(A) Sign. A permanent sign in accordance with 110.21(B) shall be installed on the disconnecting means enclosure or immediately adjacent to open disconnecting means with the following words or equivalent:
DANGER - CONTACTS ON EITHER SIDE OF THIS DEVICE MAY BE ENERGIZED BY BACKFEED.
(B) Diagram. A permanent and legible single-line diagram of the local switching arrangement, clearly identifying cach point of connection to the high-voltage section, shall be provided within sight of cach point of connection.
Part III. Equipment - Switchgear and Industrial Control Assemblies
495.30 General. Part III covers assemblies of switchgear and industrial control equipment, including, but not limited to, switches and interrupting devices and their control, metering, protection, and regulating equipment where they are an inte- gral part of the assembly, with associated interconnections and supporting structures.
495.31 Arrangement of Devices in Assemblies. Arrangement of devices in assemblies shall be such that individual compo- nents can safely perform their intended function without adversely affecting the safe operation of other components in the assembly.
495.32 Guarding of High-Voltage Energized Parts Within a Compartment. Where access for other than visual inspection is required to a compartment that contains energized high- voltage parts, barriers shall be provided to prevent accidental contact by persons, tools, or other equipment with energized parts. Exposed live parts shall only be permitted in compart- ments accessible to qualified persons. Fuses and fuscholders designed to enable future replacement without de-energizing the fuscholder shall only be permitted for use by qualified persons.
495.33 Guarding of Energized Parts Operating at 1000 Volts, Nominal, or Less Within Compartments. Energized bare parts mounted on doors shall be guarded where the door must be opened for maintenance of equipment or removal of draw-out cquipment.
495.34 Clearance for Cable Conductors Entering Enclosure. The unobstructed space opposite terminals or opposite race- ways or cables entering a switchgear or control assembly shall
Table 495.24 Minimum Clearance of Live Parts
Minimum Clearance of Live Parts
Phase-to-Phase
Phase-to-Ground
Nominal Voltage Rating (kV)
Indoors
Outdoors
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
2.4-4.16
60
95
115
4.5
180
7
80
3.0
155
6
7.2
75
95
140
5.5
180
7
105
4.0
155
6
13.8
95
110
195
7.5
305
12
130
5.0
180
7
14.4
110
110
230
9.0
305
12
170
6.5
180
7
23
125
150
270
10.5
383
15
190
7.5
255
10
34.5
150
150
320
12.5
385
15
245
9.5
255
10
200
200
460
18.0
460
18
335
13.0
335
13
46
200
460
18
335
13
69
250
43.5
17
115
550
1350
53
1070
42
138
550
1350
53
1070
42
161
650
1605
63
72
1475
58
230
750
1830
72
1475
58
900
2265
89
1805
71
1050
2670
105
2110
83
Note: The values given are the minimum clearance for rigid parts and bare conductors under favorable service conditions. They shall be increased for conductor movement or under unfavorable service conditions or wherever space limitations permit. The selection of the associatedimpulse withstand voltage for a particular system voltage is detennined by the characteristics of the overvoltage (surge) protective equipment.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-385
250
535
21
435
17
535
21
31
635
25
650
1605
63
1270
50
1270
50
750
1830
Impulse Withstand, Basic Impulse Level (BIL) (kV)
Indoors
Outdoors
Indoors
Outdoors
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
350
790
495.35
ARTICLE 495 - EQUIPMENT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
be approved for the type of conductor and method of termina- tion.
495.35 Accessibility of Energized Parts.
(A) High-Voltage Equipment. Doors that would provide unqualified persons access to high-voltage energized parts shall be locked. Permanent signs in accordance with 110.21 (B) shall be installed on panels or doors that provide access to live parts over 1000 volts and shall read DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE - KEEP OUT.
(B) Control Equipment. Where operating at 1000 volts, nomi- nal, or less, control equipment, relays, motors, and the like shall not be installed in compartments with high-voltage parts or high-voltage wiring, unless both of the following apply:
(1) The access means is interlocked with the high-voltage switch or disconnecting means to prevent the access means from being opened or removed when the high- voltage switch is in the closed position or a withdrawable disconnecting means is in the connected position.
(2) All high-voltage parts or high-voltage wiring in the compartment that remains energized when a fixed moun- ted high-voltage switch is in the open position or a with- drawable disconnecting means is in the isolating (fully withdrawn) position are protected by insulating or groun- ded metal barriers to prevent accidental contact with energized high-voltage parts or wiring.
(C) High-Voltage Instruments or Control Transformers and Space Heaters. High-voltage instrument or control transform- crs and space heaters shall be permitted to be installed in the high-voltage compartment without access restrictions beyond those that apply to the high-voltage compartment generally.
495.37 Equipment Grounding Connections. The metal cases or frames, or both, such as those of instruments, relays, meters, and instrument and control transformers, located in or on switchgear or control assemblies, and the frames of switchgear and control assemblies shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor or, where permitted, the grounded conductor, in accordance with 250.190.
495.38 Door Stops and Cover Plates. External hinged doors or covers shall be provided with stops to hold them in the open position. Cover plates intended to be removed for inspection of energized parts or wiring shall be equipped with lifting handles and shall not exceed 1.1 m2 (12 ft2) in arca or 27 kg (60 lb) in weight, unless they are hinged and bolted or locked.
495.39 Gas Discharge from Interrupting Devices. Gas discharged during operating of interrupting devices shall be directed so as not to endanger personnel.
495.40 Visual Inspection Windows. Windows intended for visual inspection of disconnecting switches or other devices shall be of suitable transparent material.
495.41 Location of Industrial Control Equipment. Routinely operated industrial control equipment shall meet the require- ments of 495.41 (A) unless infrequently operated, as covered in 495.41 (B).
(A) Control and Instrument Transfer Switch Handles or Push Buttons. Control and instrument transfer switch handles or push buttons shall be in a readily accessible location at an elevation of not over 2.0 m (6 ft 7 in.).
Exception: Operating handles requiring more than 23 kg (50 lb) of force shall be located no higher than 1.7 m (66 in.) in either the open or closed position.
(B) Infrequently Operated Devices. Where operating handles for such devices as draw-out fuses, fused potential or control transformers and their primary disconnects, and bus transfer and isolating switches are only operated infrequently, the handles shall be permitted to be located where they are safely operable and serviceable from a portable platform.
495.42 Interlocks - Interrupter Switches. Interrupter switches equipped with stored energy mechanisms shall have mechanical interlocks to prevent access to the switch compart- ment unless the stored energy mechanism is in the discharged or blocked position.
495.43 Stored Energy for Opening. The stored energy opera- tor shall be permitted to be left in the uncharged position after the switch has been closed if a single movement of the operat- ing handle charges the operator and opens the switch.
495.44 Fused Interrupter Switches.
(A) Supply Terminals. The supply terminals of fused inter- rupter switches shall be installed at the top of the switch enclo- sure or, if the terininals are located elsewhere, the equipment shall have barriers installed to prevent persons from acciden- tally contacting energized parts or dropping tools or fuses into energized parts.
(B) Backfeed. Where fuses can be energized by backfeed, a sign shall be placed on the enclosure door identifying this hazard.
(C) Switching Mechanism. The switching mechanism shall be arranged to be operated from a location outside the enclosure where the operator is not exposed to energized parts and shall be arranged to open all ungrounded conductors of the circuit simultaneously with one operation. Switches shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
495.45 Circuit Breakers - Interlocks.
(A) Circuit Breakers. Circuit breakers equipped with stored energy mechanisms shall be designed to prevent the release of the stored energy unless the mechanism has been fully charged.
(B) Mechanical Interlocks. Mechanical interlocks shall be provided in the housing to prevent the complete withdrawal of the circuit breaker from the housing when the stored energy mechanism is in the fully charged position, unless a suitable device is provided to block the closing function of the circuit breaker before complete withdrawal.
495.46 Circuit Breaker Locking. Circuit breakers shall be capable of being locked in the open position or, if they are installed in a draw-out mechanism, that mechanism shall be capable of being locked in such a position that the mechanism cannot be moved into the connected position. In either case, the provision for locking shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
495.47 Switchgear Used as Service Equipment. Switchgear installed as high-voltage service equipment shall include a ground bus for the connection of service cable shields and to facilitate the attachment of safety grounds for personnel protection. This bus shall be extended into the compartment
70-386
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
495.66
ARTICLE 495 - EQUIPMENT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
where the service conductors are terminated. Where the compartment door or panel provides access to parts that can only be de-energized and visibly isolated by the serving utility, the warning sign required by 495.35(A) shall include a notice that access is limited to the serving utility or is permitted only following an authorization of the serving utility.
495.48 Substation Design, Documentation, and Required Diagram.
(A) Design and Documentation. Substations shall be designed by a qualified licensed professional engineer. Where compo- nents or the entirety of the substation is listed by a qualified electrical testing laboratory, documentation of internal design features subject to the listing investigation shall not be required. The design shall address but not be limited to the following topics, and the documentation of this design shall be made available to the authority having jurisdiction:
(1) Clearances and exits
(2) Electrical enclosures
(3) Securing and support of electrical equipment
(4) Fire protection
(5) Safety ground connection provisions
(6) Guarding live parts
(7) Transformers and voltage regulation equipment
(8) Conductor insulation, electrical and mechanical protec- tion, isolation, and terminations
(9) Application, arrangement, and disconnection of circuit breakers, switches, and fuses
(10) Provisions for oil-filled equipment
(11) Switchgear
(12) Overvoltage (surge) protection equipment
(B) Diagram. A permanent, single-line diagram of the switch- gear shall be provided in a readily visible location within the same room or enclosed arca with the switchgear and 'shall clearly identify the following:
(1) Interlocks
(2) Isolation means
(3) All possible sources of voltage to the installation under normal or emergency conditions
The marking on the switchgear shall cross-reference the diagram.
Exception: Where the equipment consists solely of a single cubicle or metal-enclosed substation containing only one high-voltage switching device, diagrams shall not be required.
495.49 Reconditioned Switchgear. Reconditioned switchgear, or sections of switchgear, shall be permitted. If equipment has been damaged by fire, products of combustion, or water, it shall be specifically evaluated by its manufacturer or a qualified testing laboratory prior to being returned to service.
Part IV. Mobile and Portable Equipment
495.61 General.
(A) Covered. The provisions of this part shall apply to installa- tions and use of high-voltage power distribution and utilization equipment that is portable, mobile, or both, and include but not be limited to the following:
(1) Substations and switch houses mounted on skids
(2) Trailers or cars
(3) Mobile shovels
(4) Draglincs
(5) Crancs
(6) Hoists
(7) Drills
(8) Dredges
(9) Compressors
(10) Pumps
(11) Conveyors
(12) Underground excavators
(B) Grounding and Bonding. Grounding and bonding shall be in accordance with Part X of Article 250.
(C) Protection. Approved enclosures or guarding, or both, shall be provided to protect portable and mobile equipment from physical damage.
(D) Disconnecting Means. Disconnecting means shall be installed for mobile and portable high-voltage equipment according to the requirements of Part VIII of Article 230 and shall disconnect all ungrounded conductors.
495.62 Overcurrent Protection. Motors driving single or multi- ple de generators supplying a system operating on a cyclic load basis shall not require overload protection if the thermal rating of the ac drive motor cannot be exceeded under any operating condition. The branch-circuit protective device(s) shall provide short-circuit and locked-rotor protection and shall be permit- ted to be external to the equipment.
495.63 Enclosures. All energized switching and control parts shall be enclosed in grounded metal cabinets or enclosures. These cabinets or enclosures shall be marked DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE - KEEP OUT and shall be locked so that only authorized and qualified persons can enter. The danger marking(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B). Circuit breakers and protective equipment shall have the operating means projecting through the metal cabinet or enclosure so these units can be reset without opening locked doors. With doors closed, safe access for normal operation of these units shall be provided.
495.64 Collector Rings. The collector ring assemblies on revolving-type machines (shovels, draglines, etc.) shall be guar- ded to prevent accidental contact with energized parts by personnel on or off the machine.
495.65 Power Cable Connections to Mobile Machines. A metallic enclosure shall be provided on the mobile machine for enclosing the terminals of the power cable. The enclosure shall include terminal connections to the machine frame for the equipment grounding conductor. Ungrounded conductors shall be attached to insulators or be terminated in approved high-voltage cable couplers (which include equipment ground- ing conductor connectors) of proper voltage and ampere rating. The method of cable termination used shall prevent any strain or pull on the cable from stressing the electrical connec- tions. The enclosure shall have provision for locking so that only authorized and qualified persons can open it and shall be marked as follows:
DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE - KEEP OUT.
The danger marking(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
495.66 High-Voltage Portable Cable for Main Power Supply. Flexible high-voltage cable supplying power to portable or mobile equipment shall comply with the grounding and bond-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-387
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
495.70
ARTICLE 495 - EQUIPMENT OVER 1000 VOLTS AC, 1500 VOLTS DC, NOMINAL
ing requirements in Parts V, VI, and X of Article 250 and the flexible cable requirements in Part III of Article 400.
Part V. Boilers
495.70 General. The provisions of Part V shall apply to boilers operating over 1000 volts, nominal, in which heat is generated by the passage of current between electrodes through the liquid being heated.
495.71 Electrical Supply System. Boilers shall be supplied only from a 3-phase, 4-wire solidly grounded wyc system, or from isolating transformers arranged to provide such a system. Control circuit voltages shall not exceed 150 volts, shall be supplied from a grounded system, and shall have the controls in the ungrounded conductor.
495.72 Branch-Circuit Requirements.
(A) Rating. Each boiler shall be supplied from an individual branch circuit rated not less than 100 percent of the total load.
(B) Common-Trip Fault-Interrupting Device. The circuit shall be protected by a 3-phase, common-trip fault-interrupting device, which shall be permitted to automatically reclose the circuit upon removal of an overload condition but shall not reclose after a fault condition.
(C) Phase-Fault Protection. Phase-fault protection shall be provided in cach phase, consisting of a separate phase- overcurrent relay connected to a separate current transformer in the phasc.
(D) Ground Current Detection. Mcans shall be provided for detection of the sum of the neutral conductor and equipment
grounding conductor currents and shall trip the circuit- interrupting device if the sum of those currents exceeds the greater of 5 amperes or 7 1/2 percent of the boiler full-load current for 10 seconds or exceeds an instantaneous value of 25 percent of the boiler full-load current.
(E) Grounded Neutral Conductor. The grounded neutral conductor shall be as follows:
(1) Connected to the pressure vessel containing the heating clements
(2) Insulated for not less than 1000 volts
(3) Have not less than the ampacity of the largest ungroun- ded branch-circuit conductor
(4) Installed with the ungrounded conductors in the same raceway, cable, or cable tray, or, where installed as open conductors, in close proximity to the ungrounded conductors
(5) Not used for any other circuit
495.73 Pressure and Temperature Limit Control. Each boiler shall be equipped with a means to limit the maximum tempera- turc, pressure, or both, by directly or indirectly interrupting all current flow through the heating clements. Such means shall be in addition to the temperature, pressure, or both, regulating systems and pressure relief or safety valves.
495.74 Bonding. All exposed non-current-carrying metal parts of the boiler and associatedexposed metal structures or equip- ment shall be bonded to the pressure vessel or to the neutral conductor to which the vessel is connected in accordance with 250.102, except the ampacity of the bonding jumper shall not be less than the ampacity of the neutral conductor.
70-388
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
500.4
ARTICLE 500- HAZARDOUS (CLASSIFIED) LOCATIONS, CLASSES I, II, & III, DIVISIONS 1 & 2
Chapter 5 Special Occupancies
ARTICLE 500 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, Classes I, II, and III, Divisions 1 and 2
500.1 Scope.
(A) Covered. This article covers arca classification and general requirements for electrical and electronic equipment and wiring rated at all voltages where fire or explosion hazards might cxist duc to flammable gases, flammable liquid- produced vapors, combustible liquid-produced vapors, combustible dusts, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings in the following:
(1) Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Division 2 hazardous (classi- ficd) locations
(2) Class II, Division 1 or Class II, Division 2 hazardous (clas- sificd) locations
(3) Class III, Division 1 or Class III, Division 2 hazardous (classified) locations
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 497, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Flammable Liquids, Gases, or Vapors and of Hazardous (Classified) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemi- cal Process Areas, and NFPA 499, Recommended Practice for the Classi- firation of Combustible Dusts and of Hazardous (Classified) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process Areas, for extracted information referenced in brackets. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
Informational Note No. 2: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment [as applied to hazardous (classified) locations).
(B) Not Covered. This article does not cover electrical and electronic equipment and wiring rated at all voltages for the following:
(1) Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 hazardous (classified) loca- tions
(2) Zone 20, Zone 21, or Zone 22 hazardous (classified) loca- tions
(3) Locations subject to the unique risk and explosion hazards associated with explosives, pyrotechnics, and blasting agents
(4) Locations where pyrophoric materials are the only mate- rials used or handled
(5) Features of equipment that involve nonelectrical poten- tial sources of ignition (c.g., couplings, pumps, gcar- boxes, brakes, hydraulic and pneumatic motors, fans, engines, compressors)
Informational Note No. 1: Common nonelectrical potential sources of ignition include hot surfaces and mechanically gener- ated sparks.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/CL 80079-36, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 36: Non-Electrical Equipment for Explosive Atmos- pheres - Basic Method and Requirements, and ANSI/CL. 80079-37, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 37: Non-Electrical Equipment for Explo- sive Atmospheres - Non-Electrical Type of Protection Constructional Safety "c" Control of Ignition Sourre "b", Liquid Immersion "k", for additional information.
500.4 Documentation. Arcas designated as hazardous (classi- ficd) locations or determined to be unclassified shall be docu- mented on an arca classification drawing and other associated documentation. This documentation shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction (AHJ) and those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, or operate electrical equip- ment at the location.
Informational Note No. 1: See the following standards for addi- tional information on the classification of locations:
(1) NFP.A 30, Flammable and Combustible Liquids Code
(2) NFPA 32, Standard for Drycleaning Facilities
(3) NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials
(4) NFPA 34, Standard for Dipping, Coating, and Printing Processes Using Flammable or Combustible Liquids
(5) NFPA 35, Standard for the Manufacture of Organic Coatings
(6) NFPA 36, Standard for Solvent Extraction Plants
(7) NFPA 45, Standard on Fire Protection for Laboratories Using Chemicals
(8) NFPA 55, Compressed Gases and Cryogenic Fluids Code
(9) NFPA 58, Liquefied Petroleum Gas Code
(10) NFPA 59, Utility I.P-Gas Plant Code
(11) NFPA 497, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Flammable Liquids, Gases, or Vapors and of Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process Areas
(12) NFPA 499, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Combustible Dusts and of Hazardous (Classified) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Proress Areas
(13) NFPA 820, Standard for Fire Protection in Wastewater Treat- ment and Collection Facilities
(14) ANSI/API RP 500, Recommended Practice for Classification of Locations for Electrical Installations at Petroleum Facilities Classified as Class I, Division 1 and Division 2
(15) ISA-12.10, Arra Classification in Hazardous (Classified) Dust Locations
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 77, Recommended Practice on Static Electricity, NFPA 780, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, and API RP 2003, Protection Against Ignitions Arising Out of Static, Lightning, and Stray Currents, for information on protection against static electricity and lightning hazards in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 30, Flammable and Combusti- ble Liquids Code, and ANSI/API RP 500, Recommended Practice for Classification of Lorations for Electrical Installations at Petroleum Facilities Classified as Class I, Division 1 and Division 2, for informna- tion on ventilation.
Informational Note No. 4: See ANSI/API RP 14F, Recommended Practice for Design, Installation, and Maintenance of Electrical Systems for Fixed and Floating Offshore Petroleum Facilities for Unclassified and Class I, Division 1, and Division 2 Locations, for information on electrical systems for hazardous (classified) locations on offshore oil- and gas-producing platforns, drilling rigs, and workover rigs.
Informational Note No. 5: See ANSI/UL 121203, Portable/ Personal Electronic Products Suitable for Use in Class I, Division 2, Class I, Zone 2, Class II, Division 2, Class III, Division 1, Class III, Division 2, Zone 21 and Zone 22 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on portable or transportable equipment having self- contained power supplies, such as battery-operated equipment, which could potentially become an ignition source in hazardous (classified) locations.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-389
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
500.5
ARTICLE 500 - HAZARDOUS (CLASSIFIED) LOCATIONS, CLASSES I, II, & III, DIVISIONS 1 & 2
Informational Note No. 6: See IEC/IEEE 60079-30-2, Explosive atmospheres - Part 30-2: Electrical resistance trace heating - Applica- tion guide for design, installation and maintenance, for information on electrical resistance trace heating for hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 7: See IEEE 844.2/CSA C293.2, IEEE/CSA Standard for Skin Effert Trare Heating of Pipelines, Vessels, Equipment, and Structures - Application Guide for Design, Installa- tion, Testing, Commissioning, and Maintenance, for information on electric skin effect trace heating for hazardous (classified) loca- tions.
Informational Note No. 8: See IEEE 844.4/CSA C293.4, IEEE/CSA Standard for Impedance Heating of Pipelines and Equip- ment - Application Guide for Design, Installation, Testing, Commis- sioning, and Maintenance, for information on electric impedance heating for hazardous (classified) locations.
500.5 Classifications of Locations.
(A) General.
(1) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Locations shall be classi- ficd depending on the properties of the flammable gas, flam- mable liquid-produced vapor, combustible liquid-produced vapors, combustible dusts, or fibers/flyings that could be present, and the likelihood that a flammable or combustible concentration or quantity is present. Each room, section, or arca shall be considered individually in determining its classifi- cation.
Informational Note: Through the exercise of ingenuity in the layout of electrical installations for hazardous (classified) loca- tions, it is frequently possible to locate much of the equipment in a reduced level of classification or in an unclassified location to reduce the amount of special equipment required.
(2) Refrigerant Machinery Rooms Using Ammonia. Refriger- ant machinery rooms that contain ammonia refrigeration systems and are equipped with adequate mechanical ventila- tion that operates continuously or is initiated by a detection system at a concentration not exceeding 150 ppm shall be permitted to be classified as "unclassified" locations.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IIAR 2, Standard for Design of Safe Closed-Circuit Ammonia Refrigeration Systems, for information on classification and ventilation of areas involving closed-circuit ammonia refrigeration systems.
(B) Class I Locations. Class I locations are those in which flammable gases, flammable liquid-produced vapors, or combustible liquid-produced vapors are or may be present in the air in quantities sufficient to produce explosive or ignitible mixtures. Class I locations shall include those specified in 500.5(B)(1) and (B)(2).
(1) Class I, Division 1. A Class I, Division 1 location is a loca- tion:
(1) In which ignitible concentrations of flammable gases, flammable liquid-produced vapors, or combustible liquid-produced vapors can exist under normal operat- ing conditions, or
(2) In which ignitible concentrations of such flammable gases, flammable liquid-produced vapors, or combustible liquids above their flash points might exist frequently because of repair or maintenance operations or because of Icakage, or
(3) In which breakdown or faulty operation of equipment or processes might release ignitible concentrations of flam- mable gases, flammable liquid-produced vapors, or
combustible liquid-produced vapors and might also cause simultancous failure of electrical equipment in such a way as to directly cause the electrical equipment to become a source of ignition
Informational Note: This classification usually includes the following locations:
(1) Where volatile flammable liquids or liquefied flammable gases are transferred from one container to another
(2) Interiors of spray booths and areas in the vicinity of spraying and painting operations where volatile flamma- ble solvents are used
(3) Locations containing open tanks or vats of volatile flam- mable liquids
(4) Drying rooms or compartiments for the evaporation of flammable solvents
(5) Locations containing fat- and oil-extraction equipment using volatile flammable solvents
(6) Portions of cleaning and dyeing plants where flammable liquids are used
(7) Gas generator rooms and other portions of gas manufac- turing plants where flammable gas might escape
(8) Inadequately ventilated. pump rooms for flammable gas or for volatile flammable liquids
(9) Interiors of refrigerators and freezers in which volatile flammable materials are stored in open, lightly stop- pered, or easily ruptured containers
(10) Inside of inadequately vented enclosures containing instruments normally venting flammable gases or vapors to the interior of the enclosure
(11): Inside of vented tanks containing volatile flammable liquids
(12) Area between inner and outer roof sections of floating roof tanks containing volatile flammable fluids
(13) Inadequately ventilated areas within spraying or coating operations using volatile flammable fluids
(14) Interior of exhaust ducts used to vent ignitible concen- trations of gases or vapors
(15) All other locations where ignitible concentrations of flammable vapors or gases are likely to occur during normal operations
Experience has demonstrated the prudence of avoiding the installation of instrumentation or other electrical equipment in the areas covered in list items (11) through (15). Where it cannot be avoided because it is essential to the process and other locations are not feasible,electrical equipment or instru- mentation approved for the specific application or consisting of intrinsically safe systems might be considered.
(2) Class I, Division 2. A Class I, Division 2 location is a loca- tion:
(1) In which volatile flammable gases, flammable liquid- produced vapors, or combustible liquid-produced vapors are handled, processed, or used, but in which the liquids, vapors, or gases will normally be confined within closed containers or closed systems from which they can escape only in case of accidental rupture or breakdown of such containers or systems or in case of abnormal operation of equipment, or
(2) In which ignitible concentrations of flammable gases, flammable liquid-produced vapors, or combustible liquid-produced vapors are normally prevented by posi- tive mechanical ventilation and which might become hazardous through failure or abnormal operation of the ventilating equipment, or
(3) That is adjacent to a Class I, Division 1 location, and to which ignitible concentrations of flammable gases, flam- mable liquid-produced vapors, or combustible liquid- produced vapors above their flash points might occasion-
70-390
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 500- HAZARDOUS (CLASSIFIED) LOCATIONS, CLASSES I, II, & III, DIVISIONS 1 & 2
500.5
ally be communicated unless such communication is prevented by adequate positive-pressure ventilation from a source of clean air and effective safeguards against ventilation failure are provided.
Informational Note No. 1: This classification usually includes locations where volatile flammable liquids or flammable gases or vapors are used but that, in the judgment of the authority having jurisdiction, would become hazardous only in case of an accident or of some unusual operating condition. The quantity of flammable material that might escape in case of accident, the adequacy of ventilating equipment, the total area involved, and the record of the industry or business with respect to explosions or fires are all factors that merit consideration in determining the classification and extent of each location.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 30, Flammable and Combusti- ble Liquids Code, and NFPA 58, Liquefied Petroleum Gas Code. Piping without valves, checks, meters, and similar devices would not ordinarily introduce a hazardous condition even if used for flammable liquids or gases. Depending on factors such as the quantity and size of the containers and ventilation, locations used for the storage of flammable liquids or liquefied or compressed gases in sealed containers might be considered either hazardous (classified) or unclassified locations.
(C) Class II Locations. Class II locations are those that are hazardous because of the presence of combustible dust. Class II locations shall include those specified in 500.5(C) (1) and (C) (2).
(1) Class II, Division 1. A Class II, Division 1 location is a loca- tion:
(1) In which combustible dust is in the air under normal operating conditions in quantities sufficient to produce explosive or ignitible mixtures, or
(2) Where mechanical failure or abnormal operation of machinery or equipment might cause such explosive or ignitible mixtures to be produced, and might also provide a source of ignition through simultancous failure of elec- trical equipment, through operation of protection devi- ces, or from other causes, or
(3) In which Group E combustible dusts may be present in quantities sufficient to be hazardous in normal or abnor- mal operating conditions.
Informational Note: Dusts containing magnesium or aluminum are particularly hazardous, and the use of extreme precaution is necessary to avoid ignition and explosion.
(2) Class II, Division 2. A Class II, Division 2 location is a loca- tion:
(1) In which combustible dust duc to abnormal operations may be present in the air in quantities sufficient to produce explosive or ignitible mixtures; or
(2) Where combustible dust accumulations are present but are normally insufficient to interfere with the normal operation of electrical equipment or other apparatus, but could as a result of infrequent malfunctioning of handling or processing equipment become suspended in the air; or
(3) In which combustible dust accumulations on, in, or in the vicinity of the electrical equipment could be sufficient to interfere with the safe dissipation of heat from electrical equipment, or could be ignitible by abnormal operation or failure of electrical equipment.
Informational Note No. 1: The quantity of combustible dust that may be present and the adequacy of dust removal systems are
factors that merit consideration in determining the classification and may result in an unclassified area.
Informational Note No. 2: Where products such as seed are handled in a manner that produces low quantities of dust, the amount of dust deposited may not warrant classification.
(D) Class III Locations. Class III locations shall be locations meeting the requirements of 500.5(D) (1) and (D) (2).
(1) Class III, Division 1. Class III, Division 1 locations shall include those locations specified in 500.5(D) (1) (a) and (D) (1) (b).
(a) Combustible Fibers/Flyings. Locations where nonmetal combustible fibers/flyings are in the air under normal operat- ing conditions in quantities sufficient to produce explosible mixtures or where mechanical failure or abnormal operation of machinery or equipment might cause combustible fibers/ flyings to be produced and might also provide a source of igni- tion through simultancous failure of electrical equipment, through operation of protection devices, or from other causes shall be classified as Class III, Division 1. Locations where metal combustible fibers/flyings are present shall be classified as Class II, Division 1, Group E.
Informational Note No. 1: Such locations usually include some parts of rayon, cotton, and other textile mills; associated manufacturing and processing plants; cotton gins and cotton- seed mills; flax-processing plants; clothing manufacturing plants; woodworking plants; and establishments and industries involving similar hazardous processes or conditions.
Informational Note No. 2: Combustible fibers/flyings include flat platelet-shaped particulates, such as metal flakes, and fibrous board, such as particle board.
(b) Ignitible Fibers/Flyings. Locations where ignitible fibers/flyings are handled, manufactured, or used shall be clas- sified as Class III, Division 1.
Informational Note No. 1: Such locations usually include some parts of rayon, cotton, and other textile mills; associated manu- facturing and processing plants; cotton gins and cotton-seed mills; flax-processing plants; clothing manufacturing plants; woodworking plants; and establishments and industries invol- ing similar hazardous processes or conditions.
Informational Note No. 2: Ignitible fibers/flyings can include rayon, cotton (including cotton linters and cotton waste), sisal or henequen, istle, jute, hemp, tow, cocoa fiber, oakum, baled waste kapok, Spanish moss, excelsior, and other materials of similar nature.
(2) Class III, Division 2. Class III, Division 2 locations shall include those locations specified in 500.5(D) (2) (a) and (D) (2) (b).
(a) Combustible Fibers/Flyings. Locations where nonmetal combustible fibers/flyings might be present in the air in quan- tities sufficient to produce explosible mixtures due to abnor- mal operations or where accumulations of nonmetal combustible fibers/flyings accumulations are present but are insufficient to interfere with the normal operation of electrical equipment or other apparatus but could, as a result of infre- quent malfunctioning of handling or processing equipment, become suspended in the air shall be classified as Class III, Divi- sion 2.
(b) Ignitible Fibers/Flyings. Locations where ignitible fibers/flyings are stored or handled, other than in the process of manufacture, shall be classified as Class III, Division 2.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-391
500.6
ARTICLE 500 - HAZARDOUS (CLASSIFIED) LOCATIONS, CLASSES I, II, & III, DIVISIONS 1 & 2
500.6 Materials.
(A) Class I Group Classifications. Class I groups shall be in accordance with 500.6(A) (1) through (A) (4).
Informational Note No. 1: The explosion characteristics of air mixtures of gases or vapors vary with the specific material involved. For Class I locations, Groups A, B, C, and D, the classi- fication involves determinations of maximum explosion pres- sure and maximum safe clearance between parts of a clamped joint in an enclosure. It is necessary, therefore, that equipment be identified not only for class but also for the specific group of the gas or vapor that will be present.
Informational Note No. 2: Certain chemical atmospheres may have characteristics that require safeguards beyond those required for any of the Class I groups. Carbon disulfide is one of these chemicals because of its low autoignition temperature (90) and the small joint clearance permitted to arrest its flame.
(1) Group A. Acctylenc. [497:3.3.5.1.1]
(2) Group B. Flammable gas, flammable liquid-produced vapor, or combustible liquid-produced vapor mixed with air that may burn or explode, having cither a maximum experi- mental safe gap (MESG) valuc less than or equal to 0.45 mm or a minimum igniting current ratio (MIC ratio) less than or cqual to 0.40. [497:3.3.5.1.2]
Informational Note: A typical Class I, Group B material is hydro- gen.
(3) Group C. Flammable gas, flammable liquid-produced vapor, or combustible liquid-produced vapor mixed with air that may burn or explode, having cither a maximum experi- mental safe gap (MESG) valuc greater than 0.45 mm and less than or equal to 0.75 mm, or a minimum igniting current (MIC) ratio greater than 0.40 and less than or equal to 0.80. [497:3.3.5.1.3]
Informational Note: A typical Class I, Group C. material is ethyl- ene.
(4) Group D. Flammable gas, flammable liquid-produced vapor, or combustible liquid-produced vapor mixed with air that may burn or explode, having cither a maximum experi- mental safe gap (MESG) valuc greater than 0.75 mm or a mini- mum igniting current (MIC) ratio greater than 0.80. [497:3.3.5.1.4]
Informational Note No. 1: A typical Class I, Group D material is propane. [497:3.3.5.1.4]
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/ASHRAE 15, Safety Stand- ard for Refrigeration Systems, for information on the classification of areas involving ammonia atmospheres.
(B) Class II Combustible Dust Group Classifications. Combus- tible dust shall be grouped in accordance with 500.6(B) (1) through (B) (3).
(1) Group E. Atmospheres containing combustible metal dusts, including aluminum, magnesium, and their commercial alloys, or other combustible dusts whose particle size, abrasive- ness, and conductivity present similar hazards in the use of electrical equipment. [499:3.3.8.1.1]
Informational Note: Certain metal dusts may have characteris- tics that require safeguards beyond those required for atmos- pheres containing the dusts of aluminum, magnesium, and their commercial alloys. For example, zirconium, thorium, and uranium dusts have extremely low ignition temperatures [as low
as 20° (68ºF)] and minimum ignition energies lower than any material classified in any of the Class I or Class II groups.
(2) Group F. Atmospheres containing combustible carbona- ccous dusts that have more than 8 percent total entrapped vola- tiles (scc ASTM D3175-2017, Standard Test Method for Volatile Matter in the Analysis Sample of Coal and Coke, for coal and coke dusts) or that have been sensitized by other materials so that they present an explosion hazard. [499:3.3.8.1.2] Coal, carbon black, charcoal, and coke dusts are examples of carbonaccous dusts. [499:A.3.3.8.1.2]
Informational Note: Testing of specific dust samples, following established ASTM testing procedures, is a method used to iden- tify the combustibility of a specific dust and the need to classify those locations containing that material as Group F.
(3) Group G. Atmospheres containing combustible dusts not included in Group E or Group F, including flour, grain, wood, plastic, and chemicals. [499:3.3.8.1.3]
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 499, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Combustible Dusts and of Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Proress Arras, for information on group classification of Class II materials.
Informational Note No. 2: The explosion characteristics of air mixtures of dust vary with the materials involved. For Class II locations, Groups E, F, and G, the classification involves the tightness of the joints of assembly and shaft openings to prevent the entrance of dust in the dust-ignitionproof enclosure, the blanketing effect of layers of dust on the equipment that may cause overheating, and the ignition temperature of the dust. It is necessary, therefore, that equipment be identified not only for the class but also for the specific group of dust that will be present.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/IEEE C2, National Electrical Safety Code, Section 127A, Coal Handling Areas. Certain dusts might require additional precautions due to chemical phenom- ena that can result in the generation of ignitible gases.
(C) Class III Combustible Fibers/Flyings. Combustible fibers/ flyings shall not be further grouped.
(D) Class III Ignitible Fibers/Flyings. Ignitible fibers/flyings shall not be further grouped.
500.7 Protection Techniques. Electrical and electronic equip- ment in hazardous (classified) locations shall be protected by one or more of the techniques in 500.7(A) through (P). Suita- bility of the protection techniques for specific hazardous loca- tions is shown in Chapter 9, Table 13.
(A) Explosionproof Equipment. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I, Division 1 or 2 locations.
(B) Dust Ignitionproof. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class II, Division 1 or 2 locations.
(C) Dusttight. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class II, Division 2 or Class III, Division 1 or 2 locations.
(D) Purged and Pressurized. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in any hazardous (classified) loca- tion for which it is identified.
(E) Intrinsic Safety. This protection technique shall be permit- ted for equipment in Class I, Division 1 or Division 2; Class II, Division 1 or Division 2; or Class III, Division 1 or Division 2 locations.
70-392
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
500.7
ARTICLE 500 - HAZARDOUS (CLASSIFIED) LOCATIONS, CLASSES I, II, & III, DIVISIONS 1 & 2
(F) Nonincendive Circuit. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I, Division 2; Class II, Divi- sion 2; or Class III, Division 1 or 2 locations.
(G) Nonincendive Equipment. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I, Division 2; Class II, Divi- sion 2; or Class III, Division 1 or 2 locations.
(H) Nonincendive Component. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I, Division 2; Class II, Division 2; or Class III, Division 1 or 2 locations.
(I) Oil Immersion. This protection technique shall be permit- ted for current-interrupting contacts in Class I, Division 2 loca- tions as described in 501.115(B) (1) (2).
(J) Hermetically Sealed. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I, Division 2; Class II, Divi- sion 2; or Class III, Division 1 or 2 locations.
(K) Detection System for Flammable Gases. A detection system for flammable gases shall be permitted as a means of protection in restricted industrial establishments.
(1) General. Any gas detection system used as a protection technique shall meet all of the requirements in 500.7(K) (1) (a) through (K) (1) (c).
(a) The gas detection equipment used shall be listed for Class I, Division 1 and listed for the detection of the specific gas or vapor to be encountered.
(b) The gas detection system shall not use portable or transportable equipment or temporary wiring methods.
(c) The gas detection system shall only use point-type sensors. The system shall be permitted to be augmented with open-path (linc-of-sight)-type sensors, but open-path-type sensors shall not be the basis for this protection technique.
(d) The type of detection equipmentand its listing, instal- lation location(s), alarm and shutdown criteria, and calibration frequency shall be documented where gas detectors are used as a protection technique.
(c) The applications for the use of gas detection systems as a protection technique shall be limited to 500.7(K) (2), (K) (3), or (K) (4).
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 121303, Guide for Use of Detectors for Flammable Gases, or ANSI/FM 121303, Guide for Use of Detectors for Flammable Gases, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See' ANSI/UL 60079-29-1, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 29-1: Gas Detectors - Performance Requirements of Detectors for Flammable Gases, or ANSI/FM 60079-29-1, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 29-1: Gas Detectors - Performance Requirements of Detectors for Flammable Gases, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/API RP 500, Recommended Practice for Classification of Locations for Electrical Installations at Petroleum Facilities Classified as Class I, Division 1 and Division 2, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 4: See ANSI/UL 60079-29-2, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 29-2: Gas Detectors - Selection, Installation, Use and Maintenance of Detectors for Flammable Gases and Oxygen, or ANSI/FM-60079-29-2, Explosive atmospheres - Part 29-2: Gas Deter- tors - Selection, Installation, Use and Maintenance of Detectors for Flammable Gases and Oxygen, for additional information.
(2) Inadequate Ventilation. A location, enclosed space, or building that is classified as a Class I, Division 1 location duc to inadequate ventilationand is provided with a detection system for flammable gases shall be permitted to use electrical equip- ment, installation methods, and wiring practices suitable for
Class I, Division 2 installations. Sensing a gas concentration of not more than 40 percent of the lower flammable limit or a gas detector system malfunction shall activate an alarm (audible or visual, or both, as most appropriate for the arca).
(3) Interior of a Building or Enclosed Space. Any building or enclosed space that does not contain a source of flammable gases or vapors that is located in, or has an opening into, a Class I, Division 2 hazardous (classified) location and is provi- ded with a detection system for flammable gases shall be permitted to use electrical equipment, installation methods, and wiring practices suitable for unclassified installations under all of the following conditions:
(1) An alarm (audible or visual, or both) shall be sounded at not more than 20 percent of the lower flammable limit.
(2) Sensing a gas concentration of not more than 40 percent of the lower flammable limit or a gas detector system malfunction shall activate an alarm (audible or visual, or both, as most appropriate for the arca) and initiate auto- matic disconnection of power from all electrical devices in the arca that are not suitable for Class I, Division 2.
(3) The power disconnecting device(s) shall be suitable for Class I, Division 1 if located inside the building or enclosed space. If the disconnecting device(s) is located outside the building or enclosed space, it shall be suitable for the location in which it is installed.
Redundant or duplicate equipment (such as sensors) shall be permitted to be installed to avoid disconnecting electrical power when equipment malfunctions are indicated.
When automatic shutdown could introduce additional or increased hazard, this technique shall not be permitted.
(4) Interior of a Control Panel. Inside the interior of a control panel containing instrumentation or other equipment using or measuring flammable liquids, gases, or vapors which is provi- ded with a detection system for flammable gases shall be permitted to use electrical equipment, installation methods, and wiring practices suitable for Class I, Division 2 installations.
An alarm (audible or visual, or both) shall be sounded at not more than 40 percent of the lower flammable limit.
(L) Inherently Safe Optical Radiation "op is." This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I or II, Division 1 or 2 locations for which the equipment is identified.
Informational Note: The identified class and division depends on the intended explosive atmosphere and the number of faults applied as part of the protection technique evaluation.
(M) Protected Optical Radiation "op pr." This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I or II, Division 2 locations for which the equipment is identified.
Informational Note: The identified class and division depends on the intended explosive atmosphere as part of the protection technique evaluation.
(N) Optical System With Interlock "op sh." This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I or II, Division 1 or 2 locations for which the equipment is identified.
Informational Note: The identified class and division depends on the intended explosive atmosphere and the number of faults applied as part of the protection technique evaluation.
(O) Protection by Skin Effect Trace Heating "IEEE 844.1". This protection technique shall be permitted for skin effect
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-393
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
500.7
ARTICLE 500- HAZARDOUS (CLASSIFIED) LOCATIONS, CLASSES I, II, & III, DIVISIONS 1 & 2
trace heating equipment in Class I, Division 2; Class II, Division 2; or Class III, Division 2 locations for which it is listed.
(P) Protection by Electrical Resistance Trace Heating "60079-30-1". This protection technique shall be permitted for electrical resistance trace heating equipment in Class I, Divi- sion 1; Class I, Division 2; Class II, Division 1; Class II, Division 2; Class III, Division 1; or Class III, Division 2 locations for which it is listed.
(Q) Protection by Impedance Heating "IEEE 844.3". This protection technique shall be permitted for impedance heating equipment in Class I, Division 2; Class II, Division 2; or Class III, Division 2 locations for which it is listed.
(R) Enclosed-Break. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I, Division 2 locations.
(S) Nonsparking. This protection technique shall be permit- ted for equipment in Class I, Division 2 locations.
(T) Sealed. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Class I, Division 2; Class II, Division 2; Class III, Division 1; or Class III, Division 2 locations.
(U) Special Protection Techniques. Protection techniques not specified in 500.7(A) through (T) shall be permitted for use in equipment listed for use in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-33, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 33: Equipment Protection by Special Protection "s", for additional information.
500.8 Equipment. Explosionproof or dust-ignitionproof cquip- ment shall not be permitted for use at temperatures lower than -25 (-13ºF) unless they are identified for low-temperature service.
Informational Note: At low ambient temperatures, flammable concentrations of vapors might not exist in a location classified as Class I, Division 1 at nonnal ambient temperature.
(A) Suitability. Suitability of identified equipment shall be determined by one of the following:
(1) Equipment listing or labeling
(2) Evidence of equipment evaluation from a qualified test- ing laboratory or inspection agency concerned with prod- uct cvaluation
(3) Evidence acceptable to the authority having jurisdiction such as a manufacturer's self-evaluation or an owner's engineering judgment
Informational Note: Additional documentation for equipment might include certificates demonstrating compliance with appli- cable equipment standards, indicating special conditions of use, and providing other pertinent information.
(B) Approval for Class and Properties.
(1) Equipment Identification. Equipment shall be identified not only for the class of location but also for the explosive, combustible, or ignitible properties of the specific gas, vapor, dust, or fibers/flyings that will be present. In addition, Class I equipment shall not have any exposed surface that operates at a temperature in excess of the autoignition temperature of the specific gas or vapor. Class II equipment shall not have an external temperature higher than that specified in 500.8(D) (2). Class III equipment shall not exceed the maximum surface temperatures specified in 503.5.
Exception No. 1: Group D equipment shall be permitted to be used for atmospheres containing butadiene if all conduit runs into explosion- proof equipment are provided with explosionproof seals installed within 450 mm (18 in.) of the enclosure.
Exception No. 2: Group C equipment shall be permitted to be used for atmospheres containing allyl glycidyl ether, n-butyl glycidyl ether, ethyl- ene oxide, propylene oxide, and acrolein if all conduit runs into explo- sionproof equipment are provided with explosionproof seals installed within 450 mm (18 in.) of the enclosure.
Informational Note: See 500.8(C) (6) (a) regarding general- purpose equipment. Luminaires and other heat-producing apparatus, switches, circuit breakers, and plugs and receptacles are potential sources of ignition and are investigated for suitabil- ity in classified locations. Such types of equipment, as well as cable terminations for entry into explosionproof enclosures, are available as listed for Class I, Division 2 locations. Fixed wiring, however, might use wiring methods that are not evaluated with respect to classified locations. Therefore, wiring products such as cable, raceways, boxes, and fittings are not marked as being suitable for Class I, Division 2 locations.
(2) Equipment Application. Equipment identified for a Divi- sion 1 location shall be permitted in a Division 2 location of the same class, group, and temperature class and shall comply with the requirements of500.8(B) (2) (a) or (B) (2) (b) as applicable.
(a) Intrinsically safc apparatus having a control drawing requiring the installation of associated apparatus for a Divi- sion 1 installation shall be permitted to be installed in a Divi- sion 2 location if the same associated apparatus is used for the Division 2 installation.
(b) Equipment required to be explosionproof shall incorporate scals in accordance with 501.15(A) or (D) when the wiring methods of 501.10(B) are employed.
(3) General-Purpose Equipment. Where specifically permitted in Part III of Articles 501, 502, and 503, general-purpose equip- ment or equipment in general-purpose enclosures shall be permitted to be installed in Division 2 locations if the cquip- ment does not constitute a source of ignition under normal operating conditions.
(4) Process Seals. Equipment that depends on a single compression scal, diaphragm, or tube to prevent flammable or combustible fluids from entering the equipment shall be iden- tified for a Class I, Division 2 location even if installed in an unclassified location. Equipment installed in a Class I, Division I location shall be identified for the Class I, Division 1 location.
Informational Note: Equipment used for flow measurement is an example of equipment having a single compression seal, diaphragm, or tube.
(5) Motors. Unless otherwise specified, normal operating conditions for motors shall be assumed to be rated full-load steady conditions.
(6) Simultaneous Classifications. Where flammable gases, flammable liquid-produced vapors, or combustible liquid- produced vapors and combustible dusts are or might be present at the same time, the simultaneous presence of the specific materials shall be considered when determining the safe operating temperature of the electrical equipment.
(C) Marking. Equipment shall be marked to show the environ- ment for which it has been evaluated. Unless otherwise speci- ficd or allowed in 500.8(C) (6), the marking shall include the information specified in 500.8(C) (1) through (C) (5).
70-394
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 500- HAZARDOUS (CLASSIFIED) LOCATIONS, CLASSES I, II, & III, DIVISIONS 1 & 2
500.8
(1) Class. The marking shall specify the class(cs) for which the equipment is suitable.
(2) Division. The marking shall specify the division if the equipment is suitable for Division 2 only. Equipment suitable for Division 1 shall be permitted to omit the division marking.
Informational Note: See 500.8(B)(2). Equipment not marked to indicate a division, or marked "Division I" or "Div. 1," is suitable for both Division 1 and Division 2 locations. Equipment marked "Division 2" or "Div. 2" is suitable for Division 2 locations only.
(3) Material Classification Group. The marking shall specify the applicable material classification group(s) or specific gas, vapor, dust, or fiber/flying in accordance with 500.6.
Exception: Fixed luminaires marked for use only in Class I, Division 2 or Class II, Division 2 locations shall not be required to indicate the group.
Informational Note: A specific gas, vapor, dust, or fiber/flying is typically identified by the generic name, chemical formula, CAS number, or combination thereof.
(4) Equipment Temperature. The marking shall specify the temperature class or operating temperature at a 40 ambient temperature, or at the higher ambient temperature if the equipment is rated and marked for an ambient temperature of greater than 40. For equipment installed in a Class II, Divi- sion 1 location, the temperature class or operating temperature shall be based on operation of the equipment when blanketed with the maximum amount of dust that can accumulate on the equipment. The temperature class, if provided, shall be indica- ted using the temperature class (T codes) shown in Table 500.8(C) (4). Equipment for Class I and Class II shall be marked with the maximum safe operating temperature, as determined by simultaneous exposure to the combinations of Class I and Class II conditions.
Exception: Equipment of the non-heat-producing type, such as junction boxes, conduit, and fittings, and equipment of the heat-producing type having a maximum temperature not more than 100 shall not be required to have a marked operating temperature or temperature class.
Informational Note: More than one marked temperature class or operating temperature, for gases and vapors, dusts, and different ambient temperatures, may appear.
Table 500.8(C)(4) Classification of Maximum Surface Temperature
Maximum Temperature

ºF
Temperature Class (T Code)
450
842
TI
300
572
T2
280
536
T2A
260
500
T2B
230
446
T2C
215
419
T2D
200
392
T3
180
356
T3A
165
329
T3B
160
320
T3C
135
275
T4
120
248
T4A
100
212
T5
85
185
T6
(5) Ambient Temperature Range. Electrical equipment designed for use in the ambient temperature range between -25 to +40 shall require no ambient temperature marking. For equipment rated for a temperature range other than -25 to +40, the marking shall specify the special range of ambi- cnt temperatures in degrees Celsius. The marking shall include cither the symbol "Ta" or "Tamb."
Informational Note: As an example, such a marking might be "-30° Ta  +40."
(6) Special Allowances.
(a) General-Purpose Equipment. Fixed general-purpose equipment in Class I locations, other than fixed luminaires, that is acceptable for use in Class I, Division 2 locations shall not be required to be marked with the class, division, group, temperature class, or ambient temperature range.
(b) Dusttight Equipment. Fixed dusttight equipment, other than fixed luminaires, that is acceptable for use in Class II, Divi- sion 2 and Class III locations shall not be required to be marked with the class, division, group, temperature class, or ambient temperature range.
(c) Associated Apparatus. Associated intrinsically safe appa- ratus and associated nonincendive field wiring apparatus that are not protected by an alternative type of protection shall not be marked with the class, division, group, or temperature class. Associated intrinsically safe apparatus and associated nonincen- dive field wiring apparatus shall be marked with the class, divi- sion, and group of the apparatus to which it is to be connected.
(d)' Simple Apparatus. "Simple apparatus" as defined in Article 100 Part III, shall not be required to be marked with class, division, group, temperature class, or ambient tempera- turc rangc.
(D) Temperature.
(1) Class I Temperature. The temperature marking specified in 500.8(C) shall not exceed the autoignition temperature of the specific gas or vapor to be encountered.
Informational Note: See NFPA 497, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Flammable Liquids, Gases, or Vapors and of Hazard- ous (Classified) Locations for Flertrical Installations in Chemical Pror- ess Areas, for infonnation on autoignition temperatures of gases and vapors.
(2) Class II Temperature. The temperature marking specified in 500.8(C) shall be less than the ignition temperature of the specific dust or metal fiber/flying to be encountered. For organic dusts that might dehydrate or carbonize, the tempera- ture marking shall not exceed the lower of either the ignition temperature or 165 (329ºF).
Informational Note: See NFPA 499, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Combustible Dusts and of Hazardous (Classified) Loca- tions for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process Areas, for mini- mum ignition temperatures of specific dusts.
(3) Class III Temperature. The temperature marking specified in 500.8(C) shall be less than the ignition temperature of the specific fiber/flying to be encountered, except as specified in 500.8(D) (3) (a) or (D) (3)(b).
(a) For nonmetal combustible fibers/flyings that might dehydrate or carbonize, the temperature marking shall not exceed the lower of either the ignition temperature or 165 (329ºF).
(b) When ignitible fibers/flyings are present, the maxi- mum surface temperatures under operating conditions shall not exceed 165 (329ºF) for equipment that is not subject to
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-395
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
500.8
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
overloading, and 120 (248ºF) for equipment (such as motors or power transformers) that might be overloaded.
(E) Threading. The supply connection entry thread form shall be NPT or metric. Conduit and fittings shall be made wrench- tight to prevent sparking when fault current flows through the conduit system, and to ensure the explosionproof integrity of the conduit system where applicable. Equipment provided with threaded entries for field wiring connections shall be installed in accordance with 500.8(E) (1) or (E)(2) and with (E) (3).
(1) Equipment Provided with Threaded Entries for NPT- Threaded Conduit or Fittings. For equipment provided with threaded entries for NPT-threaded conduit or fittings, listed conduit, listed conduit fittings, or listed cable fittings shall be used. All NPT-threaded conduit and fittings shall be threaded with a National (American) Standard Pipe Taper (NPT) thread.
NPT-threaded entries into explosionproof equipment shall be made up with at least five threads fully engaged.
Exception: For listed explosionproof equipment, joints with factory- threaded NPT entries shall be made up with at least four and one-half threads fully engaged.
Informational Note No. 1: See ASME B1.20.1, Pipe Threads, General Purpose (Inch), for thread specifications for male NPT threads.
Informational Note No. 2: See ASME B1.20.1, Pipe Threads, General Purpose (Inch), and ANSI/UL 1203, Explosion-Proof and Dust-Ignition-Proof Electrical Equipment for Use in Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations, for information on female NPT-threaded entries using modified National Standard Pipe Taper (NPT) threads.
(2) Equipment Provided with Threaded Entries for Metric- Threaded Fittings. For equipment with metric-threaded entries, listed conduit fittings or listed cable fittings shall be used. Such entries shall be identified as being metric, or listed adapters to permit connection to conduit or NPT-threaded fittings shall be provided with the equipment and shall be used for connection to conduit or NPT-threaded fittings.
.Metric-threaded fittings installed into explosionproof equip- ment shall have a class of fit of at least 6g/6H and shall be made up with at least five threads fully engaged.
Informational Note: See ISO 965-1, ISO general purpose metric screw threads - Tolerances - Part 1: Principles and basic data, and ISO 965-3, ISO general purpose metric screw threads - Tolerances - Part 3: Deviations for constructional screw threads, for threading specifications for metric-threaded entries.
(3) Unused Openings. All unused openings shall be closed with blanking clements or close-up plugs that are listed for the location. The thread engagement shall comply with the requirements of 500.8(E) (1) or (E)(2).
(F) Optical Fiber Cables. An optical fiber cable, with or with- out current-carrying conductors (hybrid optical fiber cable), shall be installed to address the associated fire hazard and scaled to address the associated explosion hazard in accord- ance with Part II of Articles 501, 502, or 503, as applicable.
(G) Equipment Involving Optical Radiation. The risk of igni- tion from optical radiation shall be evaluated for laser cquip- ment,optical fiber equipment, and any other convergent light sources or beams where light is focused in one single point within a hazardous arca with a wavelength range of 380 nm to 10 pm. This requirement shall include optical equipment that
is located outside the explosive atmosphere, but whose emitted optical radiation enters such atmospheres.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmos- phores - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for information on types of protection that can be applied to minimize the risk of ignition in explosive atmospheres from optical radiation.
ARTICLE 501 Class I Locations
Part I. General
501.1 Scope. This article covers the requirements for electri- cal and electronic equipment and wiring for all voltages in Class I, Division 1 and Division 2 locations where flammable gases, flammable liquid-produced vapors, or combustible liquid-produced vapors are or might be present in the air in quantities sufficient to produce explosive or ignitible mixtures.
501.5 Zone Equipment. Equipment listed and marked in accordance with 505.9(C) (2) for use in Zone 0, 1, or 2 loca- tions shall be permitted in Class I, Division 2 locations for the same gas and with a suitable temperature class. Equipment listed and marked in accordance with 505.9(C) (2) for use in Zone 0 locations shall be permitted in Class I, Division 1 or Division 2 locations for the same gas and with a suitable temperature class.
Part II. Wiring
501.10 Wiring Methods. Wiring methods shall comply with 501.10(A) or (B).
(A) Class I, Division 1.
(1) General. In Class I, Division 1 locations, the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
Informational Note No. 1: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment [as applied to hazardous (classified) locations).
(1) Threaded rigid metal conduit (R.MC) or threaded inter- mediate metal conduit (IMC), including RMC or IMC conduit systems with supplemental corrosion protection coatings.
(2) PVC conduit, RTRC conduit, or HDPE conduit, where encased in a concrete envelope a minimum of 50 mm (2 in.) thick and provided with not less than 600 mm (24 in.) of cover measured from the top of the conduit to grade. The concrete encasement shall be permitted to be omitted where it is in accordance with514.8(C) or 515.8(A). R.MC or IMC conduit shall be used for the last 600 mm (24 in.) of the underground run to emergence or to the point of connection to the aboveground race- way. An equipment grounding conductor shall be inclu- ded to provide for electrical continuity of the raceway system and for grounding of non-current-carrying metal parts.
70-396
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
501.10
(3) Type MI cable terminated with fittings listed for the loca- tion. Type MI cable shall be installed and supported to avoid tensile stress at the termination fittings.
(4) In restricted industrial establishments, Type MC-HIL cable listed for use in Class I, Zone 1 or Division 1 locations, with a gas/vaportight continuous corrugated metallic sheath, an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material, and a separate equipment grounding conductor(s) in accordance with 250.122, and terminated with fittings listed for the application. If installed in a ladder, ventila- ted trough, or ventilated channel cable tray, the cable shall be installed in accordance with 392.22. Type MC-HL cable shall be installed in accordance with Part II of Arti- clc 330.
(5) In restricted industrial establishments, Type ITC-HL cable listed for use in Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1 locations, with a gas/vaportight continuous corrugated metallic shcath and an overall jacket of suitable polymeric mate- rial, terminated with fittings listed for the application, and installed in accordance with 335.4.
(6) Optical fiber cable Type OFNP, Type OFCP, Type OFNR, Type OFCR, Type OFNG, Type OFCG, Type OFN, or Typc OFC installed in raceways in accordance with 501.10(A). These optical fiber cables shall be scaled in accordance with 501.15.
(7) In restricted industrial establishments for applications limited to 600 volts nominal or less, and where the cable is not subject to physical damage and is terminated with fittings listed for the location, Type TC-ER-HIL cable. If installed in a ladder, ventilated trough, or ventilated channel cable tray, the cable shall be installed in accord- ance with 392.22. Type TC-ER-HL cable shall be listed for usc in Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1 locations and shall be installed in accordance with 336.10.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) I orations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables and cable fittings.
(8) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with metal braid armor and an overall jacket, terminated with fittings listed for the location, and installed in accordance with Part II of Article 337. If installed in a ladder, ventilated trough, or ventilated channel cable tray, the cable shall be installed in accordance with 392.22.
Informational Note No. 3: See UL 1309A, Outline of Investigation for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
Informational Note No. 4: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) I orations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable.
(2) Flexible Connections. If flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment during operation or to allow for movement after installation during mainte- nance, one of the following shall be permitted:
(1) Flexible fittings listed for the location.
(2) Flexible cord in accordance with 501.140, terminated with cord connectors listed for the location.
(3) In restricted industrial establishments, for applications limited to 600 volts nominal or less where the cable is not subject to physical damage and is terminated with fittings listed for the location, Type TC-ER-HL cable. The cable
shall be listed for use in Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1 loca- tions and shall be installed in accordance with 336.10.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables and cable fittings.
(4) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with metal braid armorand an overall jacket where the cable is terminated with fittings listed for the location and installed in accordance with Part II of Article 337.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 1309A, Outline of Investigation for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable fittings.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable fittings.
(3) Boxes and Fittings. All boxes and fittings shall be identi- ficd for Class I, Division 1.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables, explosionproof cable fittings, and explosionproof cord connectors for entry into enclosures required to be explosionproof.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 1203, Explosion-Proof and Dust-Ignition-Proof Electrical Equipment for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of explosionproof conduit fittings for entry into enclosuresrequired to be explosionproof.
(B) Class I, Division 2.
(1) General. In Class I, Division 2 locations, all wiring methods in accordance with 501.10(A) and the following wiring meth- ods shall be permitted:
Informational Note No. 1: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment [as applied to hazardous (classified) locations).
(1) Rigid metal conduit (RMC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed threaded or threadless fittings, including RMC or IMC conduit systems with supplemen- tal corrosion protection coatings.
(2) Enclosed gasketed busways and enclosed gasketed wire- ways.
(3) Typc PLTC cable or Type PLTC-ER cable used for Class 2 and Class 3 circuits, including installation in cable tray systems. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings. Typc PLTC-ER cable shall include an equipment ground- ing conductor in addition to a drain wirc that might be present.
(4) Type ITC cable or Type ITC-ER cable as permitted in 335.4 and terminated with listed fittings. Type ITC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wirc.
(5) Typc MC, Type MV, Type TC, or Type TC-ER cable, including installation in cable tray systems. Type TC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wirc that might be present. All cable types shall be terminated with listed fittings.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-397
501.10
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
(6) Where metal conduit will not provide the corrosion resist- ance needed for the installation environment, any of the following shall be permitted:
a. Listed reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC), factory elbows, and associated fittings, all marked with the suffix -XW
b. PVC-coated R.MC, factory elbows, and associated fittings
c. PVC-coated IMC, factory elbows, and associated fittings
d. In restricted industrial establishments, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, factory elbows, and associated fittings
(7) Optical fiber cable Type OFNP, Type OFCP, Type OFNR, Type OFCR, Type OFNG, Type OFCG, Type OFN, or Typc OFC installed in cable trays or any other raceway in accordance with 501.10(B). Optical fiber cables shall be scaled in accordance with 501.15.
(8) Cablebus.
(9) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with or without metal braid armor, with an overall jacket, and terminated with fittings listed for the location when entering explosionproof, flameproof, or pressurized equipment. The cable shall be installed in accordance with Part II of Article 337.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 1309A, Outline of Investigation for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for infor- mation on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable-Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified ) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable fittings.
(2) Flexible Connections. If flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment during operation or to allow for movement after installation during mainte- nance, one or more of the following shall be permitted:
(1) Listed flexible metal fittings
(2) Flexible metal conduit with listed fittings and bonded in accordance with 501.30(B)
(3) Interlocked armor Type MC cable with listed fittings
(4) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit with listed fittings and bonded in accordance with 501.30(B)
(5) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit with listed fittings
(6) Flexible cord listed for extra-hard usage and terminated with listed fittings, with a conductor for use as an equip- ment grounding conductor
(7) For elevator use, an identified elevator cable of Type EO, Type ETP, or Type ETT, shown under the "use" column in Table 400.4 for "hazardous (classified) locations" and terminated with listed fittings
(8) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with or without metal braid armor, with an overall jacket, terminated with listed fittings and installed in accordance with Part II of Article 337
(3) Nonincendive Field Wiring. Nonincendive field wiring shall be permitted using any of the wiring methods permitted for unclassified locations. Nonincendive field wiring systems shall be installed in accordance with the control drawing(s). Simple apparatus, not shown on the control drawing, shall be permitted in a nonincendive field wiring circuitif the simple
apparatus docs not interconnect the nonincendive field wiring circuit to any other circuit.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of simple apparatus.
Separate nonincendive field wiring circuits shall be installed in accordance with one of the following:
(1) In separate cables
(2) In multiconductor cables where the conductors of cach circuit are within a grounded metal shield
(3) In multiconductor cables or in raceways, where the conductors of cach circuit have insulation with a mini- mum thickness of 0.25 mm (0.01 in.)
(4) Boxes and Fittings. Boxes and fittings shall be explosion- proof if required by 501.105(B) (2), 501.115(B)(1), or 501.150(B) (1).
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable for entry into enclosures required to be explosionproof.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 1203, Explosion-Proof and Dust-Ignition-Proof Electrical Equipment for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of explosionproof conduit fittings for entry into enclosures required to be explosionproof.
501.15 Sealing and Drainage. Scals in conduit and cable systems shall comply with 501.15(A) through (F). Scaling compound shall be used in Type MI cable termination fittings to exclude moisture and other fluids from the cable insulation.
Informational Note No. 1: Seals are provided in conduit and cable systems to minimize the passage of gases and vapors and prevent the passage of flames from one portion of the electrical installation to another through the conduit. Such communica- tion through Type MI cable is inherently prevented by construc- tion of the cable. Unless specifically designed and tested for the purpose, conduit and cable seals are not intended to prevent the passage of liquids, gases, or vapors at a continuous pressure differential across the seal. Even at differences in pressure across the seal equivalent to a few inches of water, there may be a slow passage of gas or vapor through a seal and through conductors passing through the seal. Temperature extremes and highly corrosive liquids and vapors can affect the ability of seals to perform their intended function.
Informational Note No. 2: Gas or vapor leakage and propaga- tion of flames may occur through the interstices between the strands of standard stranded conductors larger than 2 AWG. Special conductor constructions, such as compacted strands or sealing of the individual strands, are means of reducing leakage and preventing the propagation of flames.
(A) Conduit Seals, Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, conduit scals shall be located in accordance with 501.15(A) (I) through (A) (4).
(1) Entering Enclosures. Each conduit entry into an explo- sionproof enclosure shall have a conduit scal where cither of the following conditions apply:
(1) The enclosure contains apparatus, such as switches, circuit breakers, fuses, relays, or resistors that may produce arcs, sparks, or temperatures that exceed 80 percent of the autoignition temperature, in degrees Celsius, of the gas or vapor involved in normal operation.
70-398
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
501.15
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
Exception: Seals shall not be required for conduit entering an enclosure under any one of the following conditions:
(1) The switch, circuit breaker, fuse, relay, or resistor is enclosed within a chamber hermetically sealed against the entrance of gases or vapors.
(2) The switch, circuit breaker, fuse, relay, or resistor is immersed in oil in accordance with 501.115(B)(1)(2).
(3) The switch, circuit breaker, fuse, relay, or resistor is enclosed within an enclosure, identified for the location, and marked "Leads Factory Sealed," or "Factory Sealed, " "Seal not Required," or equivalent.
(4) The switch, circuit breaker, fuse, relay, or resistor is part of a nonincendive circuit.
(2) The entry is metric designator 53 (trade size 2) or larger, and the enclosure contains terminals, splices, or taps.
An enclosure, identified for the location, and marked "Leads Factory Scaled", or "Factory Scaled," or "Scal not Required," or cquivalent shall not be considered to serve as a scal for another adjacent enclosure that is required to have a conduit scal.
Conduit scals shall be installed within 450 mm (18 in.) from the enclosure or as required by the enclosure marking. Only threaded couplings, or explosionproof fittings such as unions, reducers, elbows, and capped elbows that are not larger than the trade size of the conduit, shall be permitted between the scaling fitting and the explosionproof enclosure.
(2) Pressurized Enclosures. Conduit scals shall be installed within 450 mm (18 in.) of the enclosure in cach conduit entry into a pressurized enclosure where the conduit is not pressur- ized as part of the protection system.
Informational Note No. 1: Installing the seal as close as possible to the enclosure will reduce problems with purging the dead airspace in the pressurized conduit.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 496, Standard for Purged and Pressurized Enclosures for Electrical Equipment, for information regarding pressurized enclosures.
(3) Two or More Explosionproof Enclosures. Where two or more explosionproof enclosures that require conduit scals are connected by nipples or runs of conduit not more than 900 mm (36 in.) long, a single conduit seal in cach such nipple connection or run of conduit shall be considered sufficient if the scal is located not more than 450 mm (18 in.) from cither enclosure.
(4) Class I, Division 1 Boundary. A conduit scal shall be required in cach conduit run leaving a Division 1 location. The scaling fitting shall be permitted to be installed on cither side of the boundary within 3.05 m (10 ft) of the boundary, and it shall be designed and installed to minimize the amount of gas or vapor within the portion of the conduit installed in the Divi- sion I location that can be communicated beyond the scal. The conduit run between the conduit scal and the point at which the conduit leaves the Division 1 location shall contain no union, coupling, box, or other fitting except for a listed explo- sionproof reducer installed at the conduit scal.
Where the scal is located on the Division 2 side of the boun- dary, the Division 1 wiring method shall extend into the Divi- sion 2 arca to the scal.
Exception No. 1: Metal conduit that contains no unions, couplings, boxes, or fittings, that passes completely through a Division 1 location with no fittings installed within 300 mm (12 in.) of either side of the
boundary, shall not require a conduit seal if the termination points of the unbroken conduit are located in unclassified locations.
Exception No. 2: For underground conduit installed in accordance with 300.5 where the boundary is below grade, the sealing fitting shall be permitted to be installed after the conduit emerges from below grade, but there shall be no union, coupling, box, or fitting, other than listed explosionproof reducers at the sealing'fitting, in the conduit between the sealing fitting and the point at which the conduit emerges from below grade.
(B) Conduit Seals, Class I, Division 2. In Class I, Division 2 locations, conduit scals shall be located in accordance with 501.15(B) (1) and (B)(2).
(1) Entering Enclosures. For connections to enclosures that are required to be explosionproof, a conduit scal shall be provi- ded in accordance with 501.15(A) (1) (1) and (A) (3). All portions of the conduit run or nipple between the scal and enclosure shall comply with 501.10(A).
(2) Class I, Division 2 Boundary. A conduit scal shall be required in cach conduit run leaving a Class I, Division 2 loca- tion. The scaling fitting shall be permitted to be installed on cither side of the boundary within 3.05 m (10 ft) of the boun- dary and it shall be designed and installed to minimize the amount of gas or vapor within the portion of the conduit installed in the Division 2 location that can be communicated beyond the scal. Wiring methods permitted in 501.10(B) (1) (1) or (B) (1) (6) shall be used between the scaling fitting and the point at which the conduit leaves the Division 2 location, and a threaded connection shall be used at the scaling fitting. The conduit run between the conduit scal and the point at which the conduit leaves the Division 2 location shall contain no union, coupling, box, or other fitting except for a listed explo- sionproof reducer installed at the conduit scal. Such scals shall not be required to be explosionproof but shall be identified for the purpose of minimizing the passage of gases permitted under normal operating conditions and shall be accessible.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 514B, Conduit, Tubing, and Cable Fittings, for additional information.
Exception No. 1: Metal conduit that contains no unions, couplings, boxes, or fittings and that passes completely through a Division 2 loca- tion with no fittings installed within 300 mm (12 in.) of either side of the boundary shall not require a seal if the termination points of the unbroken conduit are located in unclassified locations.
Exception No. 2: Conduit terminating in an unclassified location where the metal conduit transitions to cable tray, cablebus, ventilated busway, or Type MI cable, or to cable not installed in any cable tray or raceway system, shall not require a seal where passing from the Division 2 location into the unclassified location under the following conditions:
(1) The unclassified location is outdoors, or the unclassified location is indoors and the conduit system is entirely in one room.
(2) The conduits do not terminate at an enclosure containing an ignition source in normal operation.
Exception No. 3: Conduit passing from an enclosure or a room permit- ted to use general-purpose equipment as a result of pressurization into a Division 2 location shall not require a seal at the boundary.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 496, Standard for Purged and Pressurized Enclosures for Electrical Equipment, for further informa- tion.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-399
501.15
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
Exception No. 4: Aboveground conduit shall not require a seal where passing from a Division 2 location into an unclassified location if all of the following conditions are met:
(1) No part of the conduit passes through a Division 1 location where the conduit contains unions, couplings, boxes, or fittings that are located within 300 mm (12 in. ) of the Division 1 loca- tion.
(2) The conduit is located entirely outdoors.
(3) The conduit is not directly connected to canned pumps, process or service connections for flow, pressure, or analysis measurement, and so forth, that depend on a single compression seal, diaphragn, or tube to prevent flammable or combustible fluids from entering the conduit system.
(4) The conduit contains only threaded metal conduit, unions, couplings, conduit bodies, and fittings in the unclassified loca- tion.
(5) The conduit is sealed at its entry to each enclosure or fitting loca- ted in the Division 2 location that contains terminals, splices, or taps.
(C) Class I, Divisions 1 and 2. Scals installed in Class I, Divi- sion 1 and Division 2 locations shall comply with 501.15(C) (1) through (C) (6).
Exception: Seals that are not required to be explosionproof by 501.15(B) (2) or 504.70 shall not be required to comply with 501.15(C).
(1) Fittings. Enclosures that contain connections or cquip- ment shall be provided with an integral scaling means, or scal- ing fittings listed for the location shall be used. Scaling fittings shall be listed for use with one or more specific compounds and shall be accessible.
(2) Compound. The compound shall provide a scal to mini- mize the passage of gas and/or vapors through the scaling fitting and shall not be affected by the surrounding atmos- phere or liquids. The melting point of the compound shall not be less than 93 (200°F).
(3) Thickness of Compounds. The thickness of the scaling compound installed in completed scals, other than listed cable scaling fittings, shall not be less than the metric designator (trade size) of the scaling fitting expressed in the units of mcas- urement employed; however, in no case shall the thickness of the compound be less than 16 mm (% in.).
(4) Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall not be made in fittings intended only for scaling with compound; nor shall other fittings in which splices or taps are made be filled with compound.
(5) Assemblies. An entire assemblyshall be identified for the location where the equipment that may produce arcs, sparks, or high temperatures is located in a compartment that is sepa- rate from the compartment containing splices or taps, and an integral scal is provided where conductors pass from one compartment to the other. In Division 1 locations, scals shall be provided in conduit connecting to the compartment contain- ing splices or taps where required by 501.15(A) (1) (2).
(6) Conductor or Optical Fiber Fill. The cross-sectional arca of the conductors or optical fiber tubes (metallic or nonmetal- lic) permitted in a scal shall not exceed 25 percent of the cross- sectional arca of a rigid metal conduit of the same trade size unless the scal is specifically identified for a higher percentage of fill.
(D) Cable Seals, Class I, Division 1. In Division 1 locations, cable scals shall be located according to 501.15(D) (2) through (D) (3).
(1) At Terminations. Cables shall be scaled at all terminations with scaling fittings. The scals at all terminations shall be in accordance with 501.15(C) and shall be installed within 450 mm (18 in.) of the enclosure or as required by the enclo- surc marking. Only threaded couplings or explosionproof fittings such as unions, reducers, elbows, and capped elbows not larger than the trade size of the conduit shall be permitted between the scaling fitting and the enclosure.
Type MC-HIL cable with a gas/vaportight continuous corru- gated metallic sheath and an overall jacket of suitable poly- meric material, Type TC-ER-HIL cable, and Type P cable shall be scaled with a listed fitting after the jacket and any other covering have been removed so that the scaling compound can surround cach individual insulated conductor to minimize the passage of gases and vapors.
Shielded cables and twisted pair cables that have their conductors scaled in accordance with the instructions provided with their listed fitting to minimize the entrance of gases or vapors and prevent propagation of flame into the cable core shall not be required to have the shielding material removed or the twisted pairs separated.
(2) Cables Capable of Transmitting Gases or Vapors. Cables with a gas/vaportight continuous shcath capable of transmit- ting gases' or vapors through the cable core, installed in conduit, shall be scaled in the Class I, Division 1 location after the jacket and any other coverings have been removed so that the scaling compound can surround cach individual insulated conductor or optical fiber tube and the outer jacket.
Exception: Multiconductor cables with a gas/vaportight continuous sheath capable of transmitting gases or vapors through the cable core shall be permitted to be considered a single conductor if the cable is sealed in the conduit within 450 mm (18 in.) of the enclosure and the cable end is sealed within the enclosure by an approved means to mini- mize the entrance of gases or vapors and prevent the propagation of flame into the cable core, or by other approved methods. If both require- ments are met, the shielding material shall not be required to be removed and the twisted pairs of shielded cables and twisted pair cables shall not be required to be separated.
(3) Cables Incapable of Transmitting Gases or Vapors. Each multiconductor cable installed in conduit shall be considered as a single conductor if the cable is incapable of transmitting gases or vapors through the cable corc. These cables shall be scaled in accordance with 501.15(A).
(E) Cable Seals, Class I, Division 2. In Division 2 locations, cable scals shall be located in accordance with 501.15(E) (1) through (E) (4).
Exception: Cables with an unbroken gas/vaportight continuous sheath shall be permitted to pass through a Division 2 location without seals.
(1) Terminations. Cables entering enclosures that are required to be explosionproof shall be scaled at the point of entrance into the enclosure. The scaling fitting shall comply with 501.15(B) (1) or be explosionproof. Multiconductor or optical multifiber cables with a gas/vaportight continuous shcath capable of transmitting gases or vapors through the cable core that are installed in a Division 2 location shall be scaled with a listed fitting after the jacket and any other cover-
70-400
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
501.30
ings have been removedsuch that the scaling compound surrounds cach individual insulated conductor or optical fiber tube to minimize the passage of gases and vapors. Multiconduc- tor or optical multifiber cables installed in conduit shall be scaled in accordance with 501.15(D).
Exception No. 1: Cables leaving an enclosure or room that is permitted to use general-purpose equipment as a result of Type Z pressurization and entering a Division 2 location shall not require a seal at the boun- dary.
Exception No. 2: Removal of shielding material from shielded cables and separation of twisted pair cables shall not be required af the conduc- tors are sealed in accordance with instructions provided with the listed fitting to minimize the entrance of gases or vapors and prevent propaga- tion of flame into the cable core.
(2) Cables That Do Not Transmit Gases or Vapors. Cables that have a gas/vaportight continuous sheath and do not transmit gases or vapors through the cable core in excess of the quantity permitted for scal fittings shall not be required to be scaled except as required in 501.15(E) (1). The minimum length of such a cable run shall not be less than the length needed to limit gas or vapor flow through the cable core, excluding the interstices of the conductor strands, to the rate permitted for scal fittings [200 cm3/hr (0.007 ft3/hr) of air at a pressure of 1500 pascals (6 in. of water) ].
(3) Cables Capable of Transmitting Gases or Vapors. Cables with a gas/vaportight continuous sheath capable of transmit- ting gases or vapors through the cable core shall not be required to be scaled except as required in 501.15(E) (I), unless the cable is attached to process equipment or devices that may cause a pressure in excess of 1500 pascals (6 in. of water) to be exerted at a cable end, in which case a scal, a barrier, or other means shall be provided to prevent migration of flammables into an unclassified location.
(4) Cables Without Gas/Vaportight Sheath. Cables that do not have a gas/vaportight continuous sheath shall be sealed at the boundary of the Division 2 and unclassified location in such a manner as to minimize the passage of gases or vapors into an unclassified location.
(F) Drainage.
(1) Control Equipment. Where there is a probability that liquid or other condensed vapor may be trapped within enclo- sures for control equipment or at any point in the raceway system, approved means shall be provided to prevent accumula- tion or to permit periodic draining of such liquid or condensed vapor.
(2) Motors and Generators. Where liquid or condensed vapor may accumulate within motors or generators, joints and conduit systems shall be arranged to minimize the entrance of liquid. If means to prevent accumulation or to permit periodic draining are necessary, such means shall be provided at the time of manufacture and shall be considered an integral part of the machine.
501.17 Process Sealing. Process-connected equipment, includ- ing, but not limited to, canned pumps, submersible pumps, and flow, pressure, temperature, or analysis measurement instruments, shall be scaled with process scals. A process scal shall be a device that prevents the migration of process fluids from the designed containment into the external electrical system. Process-connected electrical equipment that incorpo-
rates a single process scal, such as a single compression scal, diaphragm, or tube to prevent flammable or combustible fluids from entering a conduit or cable system capable of transmit- ting fluids, shall be provided with an additional means to miti- gate a single process scal failure. The additional means might include, but are not limited to, the following:
(1) A suitable barrier meeting the process temperature and pressure conditions that the barrier will be subjected to upon failure of the single process scal. There shall be a vent or drain between the single process scal and the suit- able barrier. Indication of the single process scal failure shall be provided by visible leakage, an audible whistle, or other means of monitoring.
(2) A listed Type MI cable assembly, rated at not less than 125 percent of the process pressure and not less than 125 percent of the maximum process temperature (in degrees Celsius), installed between the cable or conduit and the single process scal.
(3) A drain or vent located between the single process scal and a conduit or cable scal. The drain or vent shall be sufficiently sized to prevent overpressuring the conduit or cable scal above 6 in. water column (1493 Pa). Indication of the single process scal failure shall be provided by visi- ble leakage, an audible whistle, or other means of moni- toring.
(4) An add-on secondary scal marked "secondary scal" and rated for the pressure and temperature conditions to which it will be subjected upon failure of the single proc- .. ess scal.
Process-connected electrical equipment that does not rely on a single process scal or is listed and marked "single scal", "dual scal", or "dual scal without annunciation" shall not be required to be provided with an additional means of scaling.
Process-connected electrical equipment marked "single scal - install conduit or cable scal" shall be scaled in accordance with 501.15.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 122701, Requirements for Pror- ess Sealing Between Electrical Systems and Flammable or Combustible Process Fluids, for construction and testing requirements for process sealing of listed and marked single seal, dual seal, or secondary seal equipment.
501.20 Conductor Insulation, Class I, Divisions 1 and 2. Where condensed vapors or liquids may collect on, or come in contact with, the insulation on conductors, such insulation shall be of a type identified for use under such conditions; or the insulation shall be protected by a sheath of lead or by other approved means.
501.25 Uninsulated Exposed Parts, Class I, Divisions 1 and 2. There shall be no uninsulated exposed parts, such as electrical conductors, buses, terminals, or components, that operate at more than 30 volts (15 volts in wet locations). These parts shall additionally be protected by a protection technique according to 500.7(E), (F), or (G) that is suitable for the location.
501.30 Grounding and Bonding. Regardless of the voltage of the electrical system, wiring systems and equipment shall comply with 501.30(A) and (B).
(A) Grounding. Wiring systems and equipment shall be groun- ded in accordance with Part I and Part VI of Article 250, as applicable.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-401
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
501.30
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
(B) Bonding. Bonding shall comply with Part I and Part V of Article 250, as applicable, and 501.30(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Specific Bonding Means. Bonding shall comply with 501.30(B) (1) (a) and (B) (1)(b).
(a) The locknut-bushing and double-locknut types of contacts shall not be depended on for bonding purposes, but bonding jumpers with identified fittings or other approved means of bonding shall be used. These bonding means shall apply to all metal raceways, fittings, boxes, cable trays, and enclosures, and other parts of raceway systems between Class I locations and the point of grounding for service equipment or point of grounding for a separately derived system. Metal struts, angles, or channels provided for support and mechani- cal or physical protection as permitted in 335.4(5), 336.10(7) (c), or 722.135(C) shall be bonded in accordance with 250.102.
(b) Where the branch-circuit overcurrent protection is located on the load side of the disconnecting means, the specific bonding means shall be permitted to end at the near- cst point where the grounded circuit conductor and the grounding electrode conductor are connected together on the line side of the building or structure disconnecting means as specified in 250.32(B).
(2) Flexible Metal Conduit and Liquidtight Flexible Metal Conduit. Flexible metal conduit and liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall comply with 501.30(B) (2) (a) and (B) (2) (b).
(a) Flexible metal conduit and liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall include an equipment bonding jumper of the wire type in accordance with 250.102.
(b) In Class I, Division 2 locations, the bonding jumper shall not be required where all of the following conditions are mct:
(1) Listed liquidtight flexible metal conduit 1.8 m (6 ft) or less in length, with fittings listed for grounding, is used.
(2) Overcurrent protection in the circuit is limited to 10 amperes or less.
(3) The load is part of a meter, instrument, or relay circuit.
501.35 Surge Protection.
(A) Class I, Division 1. Surge arresters, surge-protective devi- ces, and capacitors shall be installed in enclosures identified for Class I, Division 1 locations. Surge-protective capacitors shall be of a type designed for specific duty.
(B) Class I, Division 2. Surge arresters and surge-protective devices shall be nonarcing, such as metal-oxide varistor (MOV) scaled type, and surge-protective capacitors shall be of a type designed for specific duty. Enclosures shall be permitted to be of the general-purpose type. Surge protection of types other than described in this paragraph shall be installed in enclo- sures identified for Class I, Division 1 locations.
Part III. Equipment
501.100 Transformers and Capacitors.
(A) Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, trans- formers and capacitors shall comply with 501.100(A) (1) and (A)(2).
(1) Containing Liquid That Will Burn. Transformers and capacitors containing a liquid that will burn shall be installed only in vaults that comply with 450.41 through 450.48 and with (1) through (4) as follows:
(1) There shall be no door or other communicating opening between the vault and the Division I location.
(2) Ample ventilation shall be provided for the continuous removal of flammable gases or vapors.
(3) Vent openings or ducts shall lead to a safe location outside of buildings.
(4) Vent ducts and openings shall be of sufficient arca to relieve explosion pressures within the vault, and all portions of vent ducts within the buildings shall be of reinforced concrete construction.
(2) Not Containing Liquid That Will Burn. Transformers and capacitors that do not contain a liquid that will burn shall be installed in vaults complying with 501.100(A) (1) or be identi- ficd for Class I locations.
(B) Class I, Division 2. In Class I, Division 2 locations, trans- formers shall comply with 450.21 through 450.27, and capaci- tors shall comply with 460.3 through 460.28.
501.105 Meters, Instruments, and Relays.
(A) Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, meters, instruments, and relays, including kilowatt-hour meters, instru- ment transformers, resistors, rectifiers, and thermionic tubes, shall be provided with enclosures identified for Class I, Divi- sion 1 locations. Enclosures for Class I, Division 1 locations include explosionproof enclosures and purged and pressurized enclosures.
Informational Note: See NFPA 496, Standard for Purged and Pros- surized Enclosures for Electrical Equipment.
(B) Class I, Division 2. In Class I, Division 2 locations, meters, instruments, and relays shall comply with 501.105(B) (2) through (B) (6).
(1) General-Purpose Assemblies. Where an assembly is made up of components for which general-purpose enclosures are acceptable as provided in 501.105(B)(1), (B)(2), and (B) (3), a single general-purpose enclosure shall be acceptable for the assembly. Where such an assembly includes any of the equip- ment described in 501.105(B) (1), 501.105(B) (2), and 501.105(B) (3), the maximum obtainable surface temperature of any component of the assembly that exceeds 100 shall be clearly and permanently indicated on the outside of the enclo- surc. Alternatively, equipment shall be permitted to be marked to indicate the temperature class for which it is suitable, using the temperature class (T Code) of Table 500.8(C) (4).
(2) Contacts. Switches, circuit breakers, and make-and-break contacts of pushbuttons, relays, alarm bells, and horns shall have enclosures identified for Class I, Division 1 locations in accordance with 501.105(A).
Exception: General-purpose enclosures shall be permitted if current- interrupting contacts comply with one of the following:
(1) Are immersed in oil
(2) Are enclosed within a chamber that is hermetically sealed against the entrance of gases or vapors
(3) Are in nonincendive circuits
(4) Are listed for Division 2 locations
(3) Resistors and Similar Equipment. Resistors, resistance devices, thermionic tubes, rectifiers, and similar equipment that are used in or in connection with meters, instruments, and relays shall comply with 501.105(A).
70-402
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
501.120
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
Exception: General-purpose-type enclosures shall be permitted if such equipment is without make-and-break or sliding contacts [other than as provided in 501.105(B)(2)] and if the marked maximum operating temperature of any exposed surface will not exceed 80 percent of the autoignition temperature in degrees Celsius of the gas or vapor involved or has been tested and found incapable of igniting the gas or vapor. This exception shall not apply to thermionic tubes.
(4) Without Make-or-Break Contacts. Transformer windings, impedance coils, solenoids, and other windings that do not incorporate sliding or make-or-break contacts shall be provided with enclosures. General-purpose-type enclosures shall be permitted.
(5) Fuses. Where general-purpose enclosures are permitted in 501.105(B) (2) through (B) (4), fuses for overcurrent protec- tion of instrument circuits not subject to overloading in normal usc shall be permitted to be mounted in general-purpose enclosures if cach such fuse is preceded by a switch complying with 501.105(B) (2).
(6) Connections. To facilitate replacements, process control instruments shall be permitted to be connected through flexi- ble cord and attachment plug and receptacle if all of the following conditions apply:
(1) The attachment plug and receptacle are listed for use in Class I, Division 2 locations and listed for use with flexible cords.
Exception No. 1 to (1): A Class I, Division 2 listing shall not be required af the circuit involves only nonincendive field wiring.
Exception No. 2 to (1): In restricted industrial establishments, the Class I, Division 2 listing shall not be required af the requirements of 501.105(B)(6)(2), (B)(6)(3), and (B)(6)(4) are satisfied and the receptacle carries a label warning against plugging or unplugging when energized.
(2) The flexible cord does not exceed 900 mm (3 ft), is of a type listed for extra-hard usage, or is listed for hard usage and protected by location.
(3) Only necessary receptacles are provided.
(4) Unless the attachment plug and receptacle are inter- locked mechanically or electrically, or otherwise designed so that they cannot be separated when the contacts are energized and the contacts cannot be energized when the plug and socket outlet are separated, a switch complying with 501.105(B)(2)is provided so that the attachment plug or receptacle is not necessary to interrupt current.
Exception to (4): The switch shall not be required if the circuit is nonin- cendive field wiring.
501.115 Switches, Circuit Breakers, Motor Controllers, and Fuses.
(A) Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, switches, circuit breakers, motor controllers, and fuses, includ- ing pushbuttons, relays, and similar devices, shall be provided with enclosures, and the enclosure in cach case, together with the enclosed apparatus, shall be identified as a complete assem- bly for use in Class I locations.
(B) Class I, Division 2. Switches, circuit breakers, motor controllers, and fuses in Class I, Division 2 locations shall comply with 501.115(B) (1) through (B) (4).
(1) Type Required. Circuit breakers, motor controllers, and switches intended to interrupt current in the normal perform-
ance of the function for which they are installed shall be provi- ded with enclosures identified for Class I, Division 1 locations in accordance with 501.105(A), unless general-purpose enclo- sures are provided and any of the following apply:
(1) The interruption of current occurs within a chamber hermetically scaled against the entrance of gases and vapors.
(2) The current make-and-break contacts are oil-immersed and of the general-purpose type having a 50-mm (2-in.) minimum immersion for power contacts and a 25-mm (1-in.) minimum immersion for control contacts.
(3) The interruption of current occurs within an enclosure, identified for the location, and marked "Leads Factory Scaled", or "Factory Scaled", or "Scal not Required", or equivalent.
(4) The device is a solid state, switching control without contacts, where the surface temperature does not exceed 80 percent of the autoignition temperature in degrees Celsius of the gas or vapor involved.
(2) Isolating Switches. Fuscd or unfused disconnect and isolat- ing switches for transformers or capacitor banks that are not intended to interrupt current in the normal performance of the function for which they are installed shall be permitted to be installed in general-purpose enclosures.
(3) Fuses. For the protection of motors, appliances, and lamps, other than as provided in 501.115(B) (4), standard plug or cartridge fuses shall be permitted, provided they are placed within' enclosures identified for the location; or fuses shall bc permitted if they are within general-purpose enclosures, and if they are of a type in which the operating clement is immersed in oil or other approved liquid, or the operating clement is enclosed within a chamber hermetically scaled against the entrance of gases and vapors, or the fuse is a nonindicating, filled, current-limiting typc.
(4) Fuses Internal to Luminaires. Listed cartridge fuses shall be permitted as supplementary protection within luminaires.
501.120 Control Transformers and Resistors. Transformers, impedance coils, and resistors used as, or in conjunction with, control equipment for motors, generators, and appliances shall comply with 501.120(A) and (B).
(A) Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, trans- formers, impedance coils, and resistors, together with any switching mechanism associated with them, shall be provided with enclosures identified for Class I, Division 1 locations in accordance with 501.105(A).
(B) Class I, Division 2. In Class I, Division 2 locations, control transformers and resistors shall comply with 501.120(B) (1) through (B) (3).
(1) Switching Mechanisms. Switching mechanisms used in conjunction with transformers, impedance coils, and resistors shall comply with 501.115(B).
(2) Coils and Windings. Enclosures for windings of transform- crs, solenoids, or impedance coils shall be permitted to be of the general-purpose type.
(3) Resistors. Resistors shall be provided with enclosures; and the assembly shall be identified for Class I locations, unless resistance is nonvariable and maximum operating temperature, in degrees Celsius, will not exceed 80 percent of the autoigni- tion temperature of the gas or vapor involved or the resistor
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-403
501.125
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
has been tested and found incapable of igniting the gas or vapor.
501.125 Motors and Generators.
(A) Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, motors, generators, and other rotating electrical machinery shall be one of the following:
(1) Identified for Class I, Division 1 locations
(2) Of the totally enclosed type supplied with positive- pressure ventilation from a source of clean air with discharge to a safe arca, so arranged to prevent energiz- ing of the machine until ventilation has been established and the enclosure has been purged with at least 10 volumes of air, and so arranged to automatically de- energize the equipment when the air supply fails
(3) Of the totally enclosed inert gas-filled type supplied with a suitable reliable source of inert gas for pressurizing the enclosure, with devices provided to ensure a positive pres- sure in the enclosure and arranged to automatically de- energize the equipment when the gas supply fails
(4) For machines that are for use only in restricted industrial establishments, the machine is permitted to be of a type designed to be submerged in a liquid that is flammable only when vaporized and mixed with air, or in a gas or vapor at a pressure greater than atmospheric and that is flammable only when mixed with air; and the machine is so arranged to prevent energizing it until it has been purged with the liquid or gas to exclude air, and so arranged to automatically de-energize the equipment when the supply of liquid or gas or vapor fails or the pres- sure is reduced to atmospheric
Totally enclosed motors of the types specified in 501.125(A) (2) or (A) (3) shall have no external surface with an operating temperature in degrees Celsius in excess of 80 percent of the autoignition temperature of the gas or vapor involved. Appro- priate devices shall be provided to detect and automatically cle- energize the motor or provide an adequate alarm if there is any increase in temperature of the motor beyond designed limits. Auxiliary equipment shall be of a type identified for the loca- tion in which it is installed.
(B) Class I, Division 2. In Class I, Division.2 locations, motors, generators, and other rotating electrical machinery shall comply with (1), (2), or (3). They shall also comply with (4) and (5), if applicable.
(1) Be identified for Class I, Division 2 locations, or
(2) Be identified for Class I, Division 1 locations where slid- ing contacts, centrifugal or other types of switching mech- anism (including motor overcurrent, overloading, and overtemperature devices), or integral resistance devices, cither while starting or while running, are employed, or
(3) Be open or nonexplosionproof enclosed motors, such as squirrel-cage induction motors without brushes, switching mechanisms, or similar arc-producing devices that are not identified for use in a Class I, Division 2 location.
(4) The exposed surface of space heaters used to prevent condensation of moisture during shutdown periods shall not exceed 80 percent of the autoignition temperature in degrees Celsius of the gas or vapor involved when oper- ated at rated voltage, and the maximum space heater surface temperature [based on a 40 or higher marked ambient] shall be permanently marked on a visible name-
plate mounted on the motor. Otherwise, space heaters shall be identified for Class I, Division 2 locations.
(5) A sliding contact shaft bonding device used for the purpose of maintaining the rotor at ground potential, shall be permitted where the potential discharge energy is determined to be nonincendive for the application. The shaft bonding device shall be permitted to be installed on the inside or the outside of the motor.
Informational Note No. 1: It is important to consider the temperature of internal and external surfaces that might be exposed to the flammable atmosphere.
Informational Note No. 2: It is important to consider the risk of ignition due to currents arcing across discontinuities and over- heating of parts in multisection enclosures of large motors and generators. Such motors and generators might need equipoten- tial bonding jumpers across joints in the enclosure and from enclosure to ground. Where the presence of ignitible gases or vapors is suspected, clean-air purging might be needed immedi- ately prior to and during start-up periods.
Informational Note No. 3: See IEEE 1349, IEFF. Guide for the Application of Electric Machines in Zone 2 and Class I, Division 2 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on the applica- tion of rotating electric machines including shaft bonding devi- ces and potential discharge energy calculations.
Informational Note No. 4: See ANSI/UL 122001, General Require- ments for Electrical Ignition Systems for Internal Combustion Engines in Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for reciprocating engine-driven generators, compressors, and other equipment installed in Class I, Division 2 locations. Reciprocat- ing engine-driven generators, compressors, and other equip- ment installed in Class I, Division 2 locations might present a risk of ignition of flammable materials associated with fuel, start- ing, and compression due to inadvertent release or equipment malfunction by the engine ignition system and controls.
Informational Note No. 5: See UL 1836, Outline of Investigation for Electric Motors and Generators for Use in Class I, Division 2, Class I, Zone 2, Class II, Division 2 and Zone 22 Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations, for details of the evaluation process to detennine incendivity. Refer to Annex A and Figure Al.
501.130 Luminaires. Luminaires shall comply with 501.130(A) or (B).
(A) Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, lumin- aires shall comply with 501.130(A) (1) through (A) (4).
(1) Luminaires. Each luminaire shall be identified as a complete assemblyfor the Class I, Division 1 location and shall be clearly marked to indicate the maximum wattage of lamps for which it is identified. Luminaires intended for portable use shall be specifically listed as a complete assemblyfor that usc.
(2) Physical Damage. Each luminaire shall be protected against physical damage by a suitable guard or by location.
(3) Pendant Luminaires. Pendant luminaires shall be suspen- ded by and supplied through threaded rigid metal conduit stems or threaded steel intermediate conduit stems, and threa- ded joints shall be provided with set-screws or other effective means to prevent loosening. For stems longer than 300 mm (12 in.), permanent and effective bracing against lateral displacement shall be provided at a level not more than 300 mm (12 in.) above the lower end of the stem, or flexibility in the form of a fitting or flexible connector identified for the Class I, Division 1 location shall be provided not more than 300 mm (12 in.) from the point of attachment to the support- ing box or fitting.
70-404
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
501.140
(4) Supports. Boxes, box assemblies, or fittings used for the support of luminaires shall be identified for Class I locations.
(B) Class I, Division 2. In Class I, Division 2 locations, lumin- aires shall comply with 501.130(B) (1) through (B)(6).
(1) Luminaires. Where lamps arc of a size or type that may, under normal operating conditions, reach surface tempera- tures exceeding 80 percent of the autoignition temperature in degrees Celsius of the gas or vapor involved, luminaires shall comply with 501.130(A) (1) or shall be of a type that has been tested in order to determine the marked operating tempera- turc or temperature class (T code).
(2) Physical Damage. Luminaires shall be protected from physical damage by suitable guards or by location. Where there is danger that falling sparks or hot metal from lamps or lumin- aires might ignite localized concentrations of flammable vapors or gases, suitable enclosures or other effective protective means shall be provided.
(3) Pendant Luminaires. Pendant luminaires shall be suspen- ded by threaded rigid metal conduit stems, threaded steel intermediate metal conduit stems, or other approved means. For rigid stems longer than 300 mm (12 in.), permanent and effective bracing against lateral displacement shall be provided at a level not more than 300 mm (12 in.) above the lower end of the stem, or flexibility in the form of an identified fitting or flexible connector shall be provided not more than 300 mm (12 in.) from the point of attachment to the supporting box or fitting.
(4) Portable Lighting Equipment. Portable lighting equipment shall comply with 501.130(B) (4) (a) or (B) (4) (b).
(a) Portable lighting equipment shall comply with 501.130(B) (1).
(b) Portable lighting equipment mounted on movable stands and connected by flexible cords in accordance with 501.140 shall be permitted to comply with 501.130(B) (1), where mounted in any position, if it is protected from physical damage in accordance with 501.130(B) (2).
(5) Switches. Switches that are a part of a luminaire or of an individual lampholder shall comply with 501.115(B) (1).
(6) Starting Equipment. Starting and control equipment for electric-discharge lamps shall comply with 501.120(B).
Exception: A thermal protector potted.into a thermally protected fluores- cent lamp ballast if the luminaire is identified for the location.
501.135 Utilization Equipment.
(A) Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, all utilization equipment shall be identified for Class I, Division 1 locations.
(B) Class I, Division 2. In Class I, Division 2 locations, all utilization equipment shall comply with 501.135(B) (1) through (B)(4).
(1) Heaters. Electrically heated utilization equipment shall meet one of the following requirements:
(1) The heater shall not exceed 80 percent of the autoigni- tion temperature in degrees Celsius of the gas or vapor involved on any surface that is exposed to the gas or vapor when continuously energized at the maximum rated ambient temperature. If a temperature controller is
not provided, these conditions shall apply when the heater is operated at 120 percent of rated voltage.
Exception No. 1 to (1): For motor-mounted anticondensation space heaters, see. 501.125.
Exception No. 2 to (1): Where a current-limiting device is applied to the circuit serving the heater to limit the current in the heater to a value less than that required to raise the heater surface temperature to 80 perrent of the autoignition temperature.
(2) The heater shall be identified for Class I, Division 1 loca- tions.
Exception to (2): Eledrical resistance and skin effect heat tracing iden- tified for Class I, Division 2 locations shall be permitted.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 60079-30-1, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 30-1: Electrical Resistance Trace Heating - General and Testing Requirements, for information on electric resistance heat tracing.
Informational Note . No. 2: See IEEE 844.1/CSA C22.2 No. 293.1, IEFE/CSA Standard for Skin Effect Trace Heating of Pipelines, Vessels, Equipment, and Structures - General, Testing, Marking, and Documentation Requirements, for information on electric skin effect heat tracing.
Informational Note No.
3: See IEEE 844.3/CSA C22.2 No. 293.3, IEEE/CSA Standard for Impedance Heating of Pipelines and Equipment - General, Testing, Marking, and Dorumen- tation Requirements, for information on electric impedance heat- ing.
(2) Motors. Motors of motor-driven utilization equipment shall comply with 501.125(B).
(3) Switches, Circuit Breakers, and Fuses. Switches, circuit breakers, and fuses shall comply with 501.115(B).
(4) Luminaires. Luminaires shall comply with 501.130(B).
501.140 Flexible Cords, Class I, Divisions 1 and 2.
(A) Permitted Uses. Flexible cord shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For connection between portable lighting equipment or other portable utilization equipment and the fixed portion of their supply circuit. The flexible cord shall be attached to the utilization equipment with a cord connec- tor listed for the protection technique of the equipment wiring compartment. An attachment plug in accordance with 501.140(B) (4) shall be employed.
(2) For that portion of the circuit where the fixed wiring methods of 501.10(A) cannot provide the necessary degree of movement for fixed and mobile electrical utilization equipment, and the flexible cord is protected by location or by a suitable guard from damage and only in a restricted industrial establishment.
(3) For electric submersible pumps with means for removal without entering the wet-pit. The extension of the flexible cord within a suitable raceway between the wet-pit and the power source shall be permitted.
(4) For electric mixers intended for travel into and out of open-type mixing tanks or vats.
(5) For temporary portable assemblies consisting of recepta- cles, switches, and other devices that are not considered portable utilization equipment but are individually listed for the location.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-405
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
501.140
ARTICLE 501 - CLASS I LOCATIONS
(B) Installation. Where flexible cords are used, the cords shall comply with all of the following:
(1) Be of a type listed for extra-hard usage
(2) Contain, in addition to the conductors of the circuit, an equipment grounding conductor complying with 400.23
(3) Be supported by clamps or by other suitable means in such a manner that there is no tension on the terminal connections
(4) In Division 1 locations or in Division 2 locations where the boxes, fittings, or enclosures are required to be explo- sionproof, the cord shall be terminated with a cord connector or attachment plug listed for the location or a listed cord connector installed with a scal listed for the location. In Division 2 locations where explosionproof equipment is not required, the cord shall be terminated with a listed cord connector or listed attachment plug.
(5) Bc of continuous length. Where 501.140(A) (5) is applied, cords shall be of continuous length from the power source to the temporary portable assembly and from the temporary portable assembly to the utilization cquip- ment.
Informational Note: See 501.20 for flexible cords exposed to liquids having a deleterious effect on the conductor insulation.
501.141 Flexible Cables, Class I, Division 2. Flexible cables installed in Class I, Division 2 locations shall comply with 501.141 (A)and (B).
(A) Permitted Uses. Flexible cables shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with 501.141 (A) (1) and (A) (2).
(1) Other Than Nonincendive Field Wiring Applications. Flex- ible cables in other than nonincendive field wiring applications shall be permitted in accordance with the following:
(1) Flexible cables shall be permitted to connect two pieces of electrical equipment by means of a cable assembly installed in accordance with 501.141(B) (2) (a) or (B)(2) (b).
(2) Flexible cables shall be permitted to connect a piece of electrical equipment to the premises wiring by means of a cable assembly installed in accordance with 501.141 (B) (2) (c).
(2) Nonincendive Field Wiring Applications. Flexible cables in nonincendive field wiring applications shall be permitted to be used in accordance with 501.10(B) (3).
(B) Installation. If flexible cables are used as permitted in 501.141(A), the associated cable assemblies shall comply with 501.141 (B) (1) through (B) (3).
(1) Cable Types. Listed Type P cables shall comply with 501.141(A)(1) and shall be installed as required in Part II of Article 337. The associated cable assemblies shall comply with the requirements of 501.141 (B) (2).
(2) Termination Means. Terminations shall comply with 501.141(B)(2)(a), (B)(2)(b), or (B)(2)(c).
(a) Connecting Two Devices or Pieces of Electrical Utilization Equipment Together. The cable connectors on cach end of the cable shall be listed for use in Class I, Division 2 locations and listed for the type of cable being used.
(b) Connecting Two Devices or Pieces of Electrical Utilization Equipment Together. A cable connector listed for Class I, Division 2 and listed for the type of cable being used shall be used on
one end and a fitting listed for the type of protection and the type of cable being used shall be used on the other end.
(c) Connecting an Electrical Device or Utilization Equipment to Premises Wiring. The cable connectors used on both ends shall be listed for Class I, Division 2 locations and for the type of cable being used. On one end of the cable, the cable connector shall also be listed for the type of protection.
(3) Disconnection. Flexible cable shall be installed in accord- ance with 501.141(B)(3) (a) through (B) (3) (c) to protect against the disconnection of the cable connectors when ener- gizcd.
(a) Switch. A switch complying with the requirements of 501.105(B) (2) shall be provided to disconnect power so that cable connectors are not depended on as a disconnecting mcans.
(b) Cable Connectors Mechanically or Electrically Interlocked. Switches shall not be required where the cable connectors are interlocked mechanically or electrically, or are otherwise designed to ensure the cable connectors cannot be separated when energized and cannot be energized when separated.
(c) Warning Label. The fixed equipment and the cable assembly shall both carry a label warning against plugging or unplugging when energized, with both labels as close to the cable connector termination as possible.
501.145 Receptacles and Attachment Plugs, Class I, Division 1 and Division 2. Receptacles and attachment plugs shall be listed for the location, except as permitted by 501.105(B) (6).
(A) Receptacles. Receptacles shall be part of the premises wiring, except as permitted by 501.140(A).
(B) Attachment Plugs. Attachment plugs shall be of the type that provides connection to the equipment grounding conduc- tor of a permitted flexible cord.
501.150 Signaling, Alarm, Remote-Control, and Communica- tions Systems.
(A) Class I, Division 1. In Class I, Division 1 locations, all appa- ratus and cquipment of signaling, alarm, remote-control, and communications systems, regardless of voltage, shall be identi- ficd for Class I, Division 1 locations, and all wiring shall comply with 501.10(A), 501.15(A), and 501.15(C).
(B) Class I, Division 2. In Class I, Division 2 locations, signal- ing, alarm, remote-control, and communications systems shall comply with 501.150(B) (1) through (B) (4).
(1) Contacts. Switches, circuit breakers, and make-and-break contacts of pushbuttons, relays, alarm bells, and horns shall have enclosures identified for Class I, Division 1 locations in accordance with 501.105(A).
Exception: General-purpose enclosures shall be permitted af current- interrupting contacts are one of the following:
(1) Immersed in oil
(2) Enclosed within a chamber hermetically sealed against the entrance of gases or vapors
(3) In nonincendive circuits
(4) Part of a listed nonincendive component
(2) Resistors and Similar Equipment. Resistors, resistance devices, thermionic tubes, rectifiers, and similar equipment shall comply with 501.105(B) (3).
70-406
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
502.10
ARTICLE 502 - CLASS II LOCATIONS
(3) Protectors. Enclosures shall be provided for lightning protective devices and for fuses. Such enclosures shall be permitted to be of the general-purpose type.
(4) Wiring and Sealing. All wiring shall comply with 501.10(B), 501.15(B), and 501.15(C).
ARTICLE 502 Class II Locations
Part I. General
502.1 Scope. This article covers the requirements for electri- cal and electronic equipment and wiring for all voltages in Class II, Division 1 and 2 locations where fire or explosion hazards may exist duc to combustible dust.
502.5 Explosionproof Equipment. Explosionproof equipment and wiring shall not be required and shall not be acceptable in Class II locations unless also identified for such locations.
502.6 Zone Equipment. Equipment listed and marked in accordance with 506.9(C) (2) for Zone 20 locations shall be permitted in Class II, Division 1 locations for the same dust atmosphere; and with a suitable temperature class.
Equipment listed and marked in accordance with 506.9(C) (2) for Zone 20, 21, or 22 locations shall be permitted in Class II, Division 2 locations for the same dust atmosphere and with a suitable temperature class.
Part II. Wiring
502.10 Wiring Methods. Wiring methods shall comply with 502.10(A) or (B).
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment [ as applied to hazardous (classified) lorations).
(A) Class II, Division 1.
(1) General. In Class II, Division 1 locations, the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
(1) Threaded rigid metal conduit (RMC) or threaded inter- mediate metal conduit (IMC), including conduit systems with supplemental corrosion protection coatings.
(2) Type MI cable with termination fittings listed for the loca- tion. Typc .MI cable shall be installed and supported in a manner to avoid tensile stress at the termination fittings.
(3) In restricted industrial establishments, Type MC-HIL cable, listed for use in Class II, Division 1 locations, with a gas/vaportight continuous corrugated metallic sheath, an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material, a separate equipment grounding conductor(s) in accordance with 250.122, and provided with termination fittings listed for the location, shall be permitted.
(4) Optical fiber cable Type OFNP, Type OFCP, Type OFNR, Type OFCR, Type OFNG, Type OFCG, Type OFN, or Type OFC shall be permitted to be installed in raceways in accordance with 502.10(A). Optical fiber cables shall be scaled in accordance with 502.15.
(5) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type ITC-HL cable with a gas/vaportight continuous corrugated metal- lic sheath and an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material, and terminated with fittings listed for the appli- cation, and installed in accordance with 335.4.
(6) In restricted industrial establishments, for applications limited to 600 volts nominal or less, where the cable is not subject to physical damage and is terminated with fittings listed for the location, listed Type TC-ER-HL cable. When installed in ladder, ventilated trough, or ventilated chan- nel cable trays, cables shall be installed in a single layer, with a space not less than the larger cable diameter between the two adjacent cables unless otherwise protec- ted against dust buildup resulting in increased heat, Type TC-ER-HIL cable shall be installed in accordance with 336.10.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for construction, testing, and marking of cables and cable fittings.
(7) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with metal braid armor, with an overall jacket, that is terminated with fittings listed for the location and instal- led in accordance with 337.10. When installed in ladder, ventilated trough, or ventilated channel cable trays, cables shall be installed in a single layer, with a space not less than the larger cable diameter between the two adja- cent cables, unless otherwise protected against dust : buildup resulting in increased heat.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 1309, Marine Shipboard Cable, for information on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Lorations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable fittings.
(2) Flexible Connections. Where flexible connections are necessary, one or more of the following shall also be permitted:
(1) Dusttight flexible connectors.
(2) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC) with listed fittings and bonded in accordance with 502.30(B).
(3) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC) with listed fittings.
(4) Interlocked armor Type MC cable having an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material and provided with termina- tion fittings listed for Class II, Division 1 locations.
(5) Flexible cord listed for extra-hard usage and terminated with listed dusttight cord connectors. Where used, flexi- ble cords shall comply with 502.140.
(6) For elevator use, an identified elevator cable of Type EO, Type ETP, or Type ETT, shown under the "use" column in Table 400.4 for "hazardous (classified) locations" and terminated with listed dusttight fittings.
(7) In restricted industrial establishments, for applications limited to 600 volts nominal or less, and where the cable is not subject to physical damage and is terminated with fittings listed for the location, listed Type TC-ER-HL cable. Type TC-ER-HIL cable shall be installed in accord- ance with 336.10.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for construction, testing, and marking of cables and cable fittings.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-407
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
502.10
ARTICLE 502 -CLASS II LOCATIONS
(8) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with metal braid armor, with an overall jacket, terminated with fittings listed for the location, and installed in accordance with 337.10.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 1309A, Outline of Investigation for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable fittings.
(3) Boxes and Fittings. Boxes and fittings shall be provided with threaded bosses for connection to conduit or cable termi- nations and shall be dusttight. Boxes and fittings in which taps, joints, or terminal connections are made, or that are used in Group E locations, shall be identified for Class II locations.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable-Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables, dust-ignitionproof cable fittings, and dust-ignitionproof cord connectors for entry into enclosures required to be dust-ignitionproof.
(B) Class II, Division 2. Wiring methods installed in Class II, Division 2 locations shall be in accordance with 502.10(B) (1)through (B) (4).
(1) General. In Class II, Division 2 locations, the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
(1) All wiring methods permitted in 502.10(A).
(2) Rigid metal conduit (RMC)or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed threaded or threadless fittings, including conduit systems with supplemental corrosion protection coatings.
(3) Dusttight wircways or electrical metallic tubing (EMT) with listed compression-type connectors or listed compression-type couplings.
(4) Type MC, Type MV, Type TC, or Type TC-ER cable, including installation in cable tray systems. Type TC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wire that might be present. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings.
(5) Typc PLTC cable or Type PLTC-ER cable used in Class 2 or Class 3 circuits, including installation in cable tray systems. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings. Type PLTC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wire that might be present.
(6) Type ITC cable or Type ITC-ER cable as permitted in 335.4 and terminated with listed fittings. Type ITC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wirc.
(7) In restricted industrial establishments where wiring methods in 502.10(B) (1)(1)(2) will not provide the corrosion resistance required for the installation envi- ronment, cither of the following:
a. Listed reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC), factory elbows, and associated fittings, all marked with suffix -XW
b. Schedule 80 PVC conduit, factory elbows, and as.soci- ated fittings
(8) Optical fiber cable Type OFNP, Type OFCP, Type OFNR, Type OFCR, Type OFNG, Type OFCG, Type OFN, or Type OFC, installed in cable trays or any other raceway
in accordance with 502.10(B). Optical fiber cables shall be scaled in accordance with 502.15.
(9) Cablebus.
(10) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with or without metal braid armor, with an overall jacket, that is terminated with listed fittings and installed in accordance with 337.10.
Informational Note: See UL 1309A, Outline of Investiga- tion for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
(2) Flexible Connections. If flexibility is necessary, 502.10(A) (2) shall apply.
(3) Nonincendive Field Wiring. Nonincendive field wiring shall be permitted using any of the wiring methods permitted for unclassified locations. Nonincendive field wiring systems shall be installed in accordance with the control drawing(s). Simple apparatus, not shown on the control drawing, shall be permitted in a nonincendive field wiring circuit if the simple apparatus does not interconnect the nonincendive field wiring circuit to any other circuit.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of simple apparatus.
Separate nonincendive field wiring circuits shall be installed in accordance with one of the following:
(1) In separate cables
(2) In multiconductor cables where the conductors of cach circuit are within a grounded metal shield
(3) In multiconductor cables or in raceways where the conductors of cach circuit have insulation with a mini- mum thickness of 0.25 mm (0.01 in.)
(4) Boxes and Fittings. All boxes and fittings shall be du.st- tight.
502.15 Sealing, Class II, Divisions 1 and 2. If a raccway provides communication between an enclosure that is required to be dust-ignitionproof and one that is not, suitable means shall be provided to prevent the entrance of dust into the dust- ignitionproof enclosure through the raceway. One of the following means shall be permitted:
(1) A permanent and effective scal
(2) A horizontal raceway not less than 3.05 m (10 ft) long
(3) A vertical raceway not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) long and extending downward from the dust-ignitionproof enclo- surc
(4) A raceway installed in a manner equivalent to 502.15(2) or (3) that extends only horizontally and downward from the dust-ignition proof enclosures
(5) Electrical scaling putty
If a raceway provides communication between an enclosure that is required to be dust-ignitionproof and an enclosure in an unclassified location, scals shall not be required.
Scaling fittings shall be accessible and shall not be required to be explosionproof.
502.25 Uninsulated Exposed Parts, Class II, Divisions 1 and 2. There shall be no uninsulated exposed parts, such as electrical conductors, buses, terminals, or components, that operate at more than 30 volts (15 volts in wet locations). These parts shall additionally be protected by a protection technique according to 500.7(E), (F), or (G) that is suitable for the location.
70-408
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 502 -CLASS II LOCATIONS
502.120
502.30 Grounding and Bonding. Regardless of the voltage of the electrical system, wiring systems and equipment shall comply with 502.30(A) and (B).
(A) Grounding. Wiring systems and equipment shall be groun- ded in accordance with Part I and Part VI of Article 250, as applicable.
(B) Bonding. Bonding shall comply with Part I and Part V of Article 250, as applicable, and 502.30(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Specific Bonding Means. Bonding shall comply with 502.30(B)(1) (a) and (B)(1)(b).
(a) The locknut-bushing and double-locknut types of contacts shall not be depended on for bonding purposes, but bonding jumpers with identified fittings or other approved means of bonding shall be used. These bonding means shall apply to all metal raceways, fittings, boxes, cable trays, and enclosures, and other parts of raceway systems between hazard- ous (classified) locations and the point of grounding for serv- ice equipment or point of grounding for a separately derived system. Metal struts, angles, or channels provided for support and mechanical or physical protection as permitted in 335.4(5), 336.10(7) (c), or 722.135(C) shall be bonded in accordance with 250.102.
(b) Where the branch-circuit overcurrent protection is located on the load side of the disconnecting means, the specific bonding means shall be permitted to end at the near- cst point where the grounded circuit conductor and the grounding electrode conductor are connected together on the line side of the building or structure disconnecting means as specified in 250.32(B).
(2) Liquidtight Flexible Metal Conduit. Liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall comply with 502.30(B) (2) (a) and (B) (2) (b).
(a) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall include an equipment bonding jumper of the wire type in accordance with 250.102.
(b) In Class II, Division 2 locations, the bonding jumper shall not be required where all of the following conditions are mct:
(1) Listed liquidtight flexible metal concluit 1.8 m (6 ft) or less in length, with fittings listed for grounding, is used.
(2) Overcurrent protection in the circuit is limited to 10 amperes or less.
(3) The load is part of a meter, instrument, or relay circuit.
502.35 Surge Protection - Class II, Divisions 1 and 2. Surge arresters and surge-protective devices installed in a Class II, Division 1 location shall be in suitable enclosures. Surge- protective capacitors shall be of a type designed for specific duty.
Part III. Equipment
502.100 Transformers and Capacitors.
(A) Class II, Division 1. In Class II, Division 1 locations, trans- formers and capacitors shall comply with 502.100(A) (1) through (A) (3).
(1) Containing Liquid That Will Burn. Transformers and capacitors containing a liquid that will burn shall be installed only in vaults complying with 450.41 through 450.48, and, in addition, (1), (2), and (3) shall apply.
(1) Doors or other openings communicating with the Divi- sion 1 location shall have self-closing fire doors on both sides of the wall, and the doors shall be carefully fitted and provided with suitable scals (such as weather strip- ping) to minimize the entrance of dust into the vault.
(2) Vent openings and ducts shall communicate only with the outside air.
(3) Suitable pressure-relief openings communicating with the outside air shall be provided.
(2) Not Containing Liquid That Will Burn. Transformers and capacitors that do not contain a liquid that will burn shall be installed in vaults complying with 450.41 through 450.48 or bc identified as a complete assembly, including terminal connec- tions.
(3) Group E. No transformer or capacitor shall be installed in a Class II, Division 1, Group E location.
(B) Class II, Division 2. In Class II, Division 2 locations, trans- formers and capacitors shall comply with 502.100(B) (1) through (B) (3).
(1) Containing Liquid That Will Burn. Transformers and capacitors containing a liquid that will burn shall be installed in vaults that comply with 450.41 through 450.48.
(2) Containing Askarel. Transformers containing askarel and rated in excess of 25 kVA shall be as follows:
(1). Provided with pressure-relief vents
(2) Provided with a means for absorbing any gases generated by arcing inside the case, or the pressure-relief vents shall be connected to a chimney or fluc that will carry such gases outside the building
(3) Have an airspace of not less than 150 mm (6 in.) between the transformer cases and any adjacent combustible mate- rial
(3) Dry-Type Transformers. Dry-type transformers shall be installed in vaults or shall have their windings and terminal connections enclosed in tight metal housings without ventilat- ing or other openings and shall operate at not over 600 volts, nominal.
502.115 Switches, Circuit Breakers, Motor Controllers, and Fuses.
(A) Class II, Division 1. In Class II, Division 1 locations, switches, circuit breakers, motor controllers, fuses, push- buttons, relays, and similar devices shall be provided with enclosures identified for the location.
(B) Class II, Division 2. In Class II, Division 2 locations, enclo- sures for fuses, switches, circuit breakers, and motor control- lers, including push buttons, relays, and similar devices, shall be dusttight or otherwise identified for the location.
502.120 Control Transformers and Resistors.
(A) Class II, Division 1. In Class II, Division 1 locations, control transformers, solenoids, impedance coils, resistors, and any overcurrent devices or switching mechanisms associated with them shall be provided with enclosures identified for the location.
(B) Class II, Division 2. In Class II, Division 2 locations, trans- formers and resistors shall comply with 502.120(B) (1) through (B)(3).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-409
502.120
ARTICLE 502 - CLASS II LOCATIONS
(1) Switching Mechanisms. Switching mechanisms (including overcurrent devices) associated with control transformers, sole- noids, impedance coils, and resistors shall be provided with enclosures that are dusttight or otherwise identified for the location.
(2) Coils and Windings. Where not located in the same enclo- sure with switching mechanisms, control transformers, sole- noids, and impedance coils shall be provided with enclosures that are dusttight or otherwise identified for the location.
(3) Resistors. Resistors and resistance devices shall have dust- ignitionproof enclosures that are dusttight or otherwise identi- ficd for the location.
502.125 Motors and Generators.
(A) Class II, Division 1. In Class II, Division 1 locations, motors, generators, and other rotating electrical machinery shall be in conformance with either of the following:
(1) Identified for the location
(2) Totally enclosed pipe-ventilated
(B) Class II, Division 2. In Class II, Division 2 locations, motors, generators, and other rotating electrical equipment shall be totally enclosed nonventilated, totally enclosed pipe- ventilated, totally enclosed water-air-cooled, totally enclosed fan-cooled, or dust-ignitionproof, for which maximum full-load external temperature shall be in accordance with 500.8(D) (2) for normal operation when operating in frec air (not dust blan- keted) and shall have no external openings.
Exception: If the authority having jurisdiction believes accumulations of nonconductive, nonabrasive dust will be moderate and if machines can be easily reached for routine cleaning and maintenance, the follow- ing shall be permitted to be installed:
(1) Standard open-type machines without sliding contacts, centrifu- gal or other types of switching mechanism (including motor over- current, overloading, and overtemperature devices), or integral resistance devices
(2) Standard open-type machines with such contacts, switching mechanisms, or resistance devices enclosed within dusttight hous- ings without ventilating or other openings
(3) Self-cleaning textile motors of the squirrel-cage type
(4) Machines with sealed bearings, bearing isolators, and seals
502.128 Ventilating Piping. Ventilating pipes for motors, generators, or other rotating electrical machinery, or for enclo- sures for electrical equipment, shall be of metal not less than 0.53 mm (0.021 in.) in thickness or of equally substantial noncombustible material and shall comply with all of the following:
(1) Lead directly to a source of clean air outside of buildings
(2) Be screened at the outer ends to prevent the entrance of small animals or birds
(3) Be protected against physical damage and against rusting or other corrosive influences
Ventilating pipes shall also comply with 502.128(A) and (B).
(A) Class II, Division 1. In Class II, Division 1 locations, venti- lating pipes, including their connections to motors or to the dust-ignitionproof enclosures for other equipment, shall be dusttight throughout their length. For metal pipes, scams and joints shall comply with one of the following:
(1) Be riveted and soldered
(2) Be bolted and soldered
(3) Be welded
(4) Be rendered dusttight by some other equally effective mcans
(B) Class II, Division 2. In Class II, Division 2 locations, venti- lating pipes and their connections shall be sufficiently tight to prevent the entrance of appreciable quantities of dust into the ventilated equipment or enclosure and to prevent the escape of sparks, flame, or burning material that might ignite dust accu- mulations or combustible material in the vicinity. For metal pipes, lock scams and riveted or welded joints shall be permit- ted; and tight-fitting slip joints shall be permitted where some flexibility is necessary, as at connections to motors.
502.130 Luminaires.
(A) Class II, Division 1. In Class II, Division 1 locations, lumin- aires for fixed and portable lighting shall comply with 502.130(A) (1) through (A) (4).
(1) Marking. Each luminaire shall be identified for the loca- tion and shall be clearly marked to indicate the type and maxi- mum wattage of the lamp for which it is designed.
(2) Physical Damage. Each luminaire shall be protected against physical damage by a suitable guard or by location.
(3) Pendant Luminaires. Pendant luminaires shall be suspen- ded by threaded rigid metal conduit stems, by threaded steel intermediate metal conduit stems, by chains with approved fittings, or by other approved means. For rigid stems longer than 300 mm (12 in.), permanent and effective bracing against lateral displacement shall be provided at a level not more than 300 mm (12 in.) above the lower end of the stem, or flexibility in the form of a fitting or a flexible connector listed for the location shall be provided not more than 300 mm (12 in.) from the point of attachment to the supporting box or fitting. Thrca- ded joints shall be provided with set screws or other effective means to prevent loosening. Where wiring between an outlet box or fitting and a pendant luminaire is not enclosed in conduit, flexible cord listed for hard usage shall be permitted to be used in accordance with 502.10(A) (2) (5). Flexible cord shall not serve as the supporting means for a luminaire.
(4) Supports. Boxes, box assemblies, or fittings used for the support of luminaires shall be identified for Class II locations.
(B) Class II, Division 2. In Class II, Division 2 locations, lumin- aires shall comply with 502.130(B) (1) through (B) (5).
(1) Portable Lighting Equipment. Portable lighting equipment shall be identified for the location. They shall be clearly marked to indicate the maximum wattage of lamps for which they are designed.
(2) Fixed Lighting. Luminaires for fixed lighting shall bc provided with enclosures that are dusttight or otherwise identi- ficd for the location. Each luminaire shall be clearly marked to indicate the maximum wattage of the lamp that shall be permitted without exceeding an exposed surface temperature in accordance with 500.8(D)(2) under normal conditions of usc.
(3) Physical Damage. Luminaires for fixed lighting shall be protected from physical damage by suitable guards or by loca- tion.
(4) Pendant Luminaires. Pendant luminaires shall be suspen- ded by threaded rigid metal conduit stems, by threaded steel
70-410
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
502.150
ARTICLE 502 -CLASS II LOCATIONS
intermediate metal conduit stems, by chains with approved fittings, or by other approved means. For rigid stems longer than 300 mm (12 in.), permanent and effective bracing against lateral displacement shall be provided at a level not more than 300 mm (12 in.) above the lower end of the stem, or flexibility in the form of an identified fitting or a flexible connector shall be provided not more than 300 mm (12 in.) from the point of attachment to the supporting box or fitting. Where wiring between an outlet box or fitting and a pendant luminaire is not enclosed in conduit, flexible cord listed for hard usage shall be permitted if terminated with a listed cord connector that main- tains the protection technique. Flexible cord shall not serve as the supporting means for a luminaire.
(5) Electric-Discharge Lamps. Starting and control equipment for electric-discharge lamps shall comply with the requirements of 502.120(B).
502.135 Utilization Equipment.
(A) Class II, Division 1. In Class II, Division 1 locations, all utilization equipment shall be identified for the location.
(B) Class II, Division 2. In Class II, Division 2 locations, all utilization equipment shall comply with 502.135(B) (1) through (B)(4).
(1) Heaters. Electrically heated utilization equipment shall be identified for the location.
Exception: Metal-enclosed radiant heating panel equipment shall be permitted to be dusttight and marked in accordance with 500.8(C).
(2) Motors. Motors of motor-driven utilization equipment shall comply with 502.125(B).
(3) Switches, Circuit Breakers, and Fuses. Enclosures for switches, circuit breakers, and fuses shall comply with 502.115(B).
(4) Transformers, Solenoids, Impedance Coils, and Resistors. Transformers, solenoids, impedance coils, and resistors shall comply with 502.120(B).
502.140 Flexible Cords - Class II, Divisions 1 and 2.
(A) Permitted Uses. Flexible cords used in Class II locations shall be permitted as follows:
(1) For connection between portable lighting equipment or other portable utilization equipment and the fixed portion of its supply circuit. The flexible cord shall be attached to the utilization equipment with a cord connec- tor listed for the protection technique of the equipment wiring compartment. An attachment plug in accordance with 502.145 shall be employed.
(2) Where flexible cord is permitted by 502.10(A) (2) for fixed and mobile electrical utilization equipment; where the flexible cord is protected by location or by a suitable guard from damage; and only in a restricted industrial establishment.
(3) For electric submersible pumps with means for removal without entering the wet-pit. The extension of the flexible cord within a suitable raceway between the wet-pit and the power source shall be permitted.
(4) For electric mixers intended for travel into and out of open-type mixing tanks or vats.
(5) For temporary portable assemblies consisting of recepta- cles, switches, and other devices that are not considered
portable utilization equipment but are individually listed for the location.
(B) Installation. Where flexible cords are used, the cords shall comply with all of the following:
(1) Be of a type listed for extra-hard usage.
Exception to (1): Flexible cord listed for hard usage as permitted by 502.130(A)(3) and (B)(4).
(2) Contain, in addition to the conductors of the circuit, an equipment grounding conductor complying with 400.23.
(3) Be supported by clamps or by other suitable means in such a manner that there will be no tension on the termi- nal connections.
(4) In Division 1 locations, the cord shall be terminated with a cord connector listed for the location or a listed cord connector installed with a scal listed for the location. In Division 2 locations, the cord shall be terminated with a listed dusttight cord connector.
(5) Bc of continuous length. Where 502.140(A) (5) is applied, cords shall be of continuous length from the power source to the temporary portable assembly and from the temporary portable assembly to the utilization cquip- ment.
502.145 Receptacles and Attachment Plugs. Receptacles and attachment plugs shall be identified for the location.
(A) Class II, Division 1.
(1) Receptacles. In Class II, Division 1 locations, receptacles shall be part of the premises wiring.
(2) Attachment Plugs. Attachment plugs shall be of the type that provides for connection to the equipment grounding conductor of the flexible cord.
(B) Class II, Division 2.
(1) Receptacles. In Class II, Division 2 locations, receptacles shall be part of the premises wiring.
(2) Attachment Plugs. Attachment plugs shall be of the type that provides for connection to the equipment grounding conductor of the flexible cord.
502.150 Signaling, Alarm, Remote-Control, and Communica- tions Systems; and Meters, Instruments, and Relays.
(A) Class II, Division 1. In Class II, Division 1 locations, signal- ing, alarm, remote-control, and communications systems; and meters, instruments, and relays shall comply with 502.150(A) (1) through (A) (3).
(1) Contacts. Enclosures containing contacts shall comply with the requirements of 502.150(A) (1) (a) or (A) (1) (b).
(a) Switches, circuit breakers, relays, contactors, fuses, and current-breaking contacts for bells, horns, howlers, sirens, and other devices in which sparks or arcs might be produced shall be provided with enclosures identified for the location.
(b) Where current-breaking contacts are immersed in oil or where the interruption of current occurs within a chamber scaled against the entrance of dust, enclosures shall be permit- ted to be of the general-purpose typc.
(2) Resistors and Similar Equipment. Enclosures containing resistors shall comply with the requirements of 502.150(A) (2) (a) or (A) (2) (b).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-411
502.150
ARTICLE 503 -CLASS III LOCATIONS
(a) Resistors, transformers, choke coils, rectifiers, ther- mionic tubes, and other heat-generating equipment shall be provided with enclosures identified for the location.
(b) Where resistors or similar equipment are immersed in oil or enclosed in a chamber scaled against the entrance of dust, enclosures shall be permitted to be of the general- purpose typc.
(3) Rotating Machinery. Motors, generators, and other rotat- ing electrical machinery shall comply with 502.125(A).
(B) Class II, Division 2. In Class II, Division 2 locations, signal- ing, alarm, remote-control, and communications systems; and meters, instruments, and relays shall comply with 502.150(B) (1) through (B) (4).
(1) Contacts. Enclosures for contacts shall comply with the requirements of 502.150(B) (1) (a) or (B) (1) (b).
(a) Contacts shall comply with the requirements of 502.150(A)(1) or be installed in enclosures that are dusttight or otherwise identified for the location.
(b) Enclosures in nonincendive circuits shall be permit- ted to be of the general-purpose type.
(2) Transformers and Similar Equipment. The windings and terminal connections of transformers, choke coils, and similar cquipment shall comply with 502.120(B) (2).
(3) Resistors and Similar Equipment. Resistors, resistance devices, thermionic tubes, rectifiers, and similar equipment shall comply with 502.120(B) (3).
(4) Rotating Machinery. Motors, generators, and other rotat- ing electrical machinery shall comply with 502.125(B).
(5) Connections. To facilitate replacements, process control instruments shall be permitted to be connected through flexi- ble cord, attachment plug, and receptacle if all of the following conditions apply:
(1) Attachment plug and receptacle are listed for use in Class II, Division 2 locations, and listed for use with flexi- ble cords.
Exception No. 1 to (1): A Class II, Division 2 listing shall not be required if the circuit involves only nonincendive field wiring.
Exception No. 2 to (1): In restricted industrial establishments, the Class II, Division 2 listing shall not be required when the requirements of 502.150(B)(5)(2), (B)(5)(3), and (B)(5)(4) are satisfied and the receptacle carries a label warning against plugging or unplugging when energized.
(2) The flexible cord does not exceed 900 mm (3 ft), is of a type listed for extra-hard usage, or, if listed for hard usage, is protected by location.
(3) Only necessary receptacles are provided.
(4) Unless the attachment plug and receptacle are inter- locked mechanically or electrically, or otherwise designed so that they cannot be separated when the contacts are energized, and the contacts cannot be energized when the plug and socket outlet are separated, a switch comply- ing with 502.115(B) is provided so that the attachment plug or receptacle is not depended on to interrupt current.
Exception to (4): The switch shall not be required if the circuit is nonin- cendive field wiring.
ARTICLE 503 Class III Locations
Part I. General
503.1 Scope. This article covers the requirements for electri- cal and electronic equipment and wiring for all voltages in Class III, Division 1 and Division 2 locations where fire or explosion hazards might exist due to nonmetal combustible fibers/flyings or ignitible fibers/flyings.
503.5 General. Equipment installed in Class III locations shall be able to function at full rating without developing surface temperatures high enough to cause excessive dehydration or gradual carbonization of accumulated fibers/flyings.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 505, Fire Safety Standard for Powered Industrial Trucks Including Type Designations, Areas of Use, Conversions, Maintenance, and Operations, for information on elec- tric trucks.
Informational Note No. 2: Organic material that is carbonized or excessively dry is highly susceptible to spontaneous ignition.
503.6 Zone Equipment. Equipment listed and marked in accordance with 506.9(C) (2) for Zone 20 locations and with a temperature marking in accordance with 500.8(D) (3) shall be permitted in Class III, Division 1 locations.
Equipment listed and marked in accordance with 506.9(C) (2) for Zone 20, Zone 21, or Zone 22 locations and with a temperature marking in accordance with 500.8(D) (3) shall bc permitted in Class III, Division 2 locations.
Part II. Wiring
503.10 Wiring Methods. Wiring methods shall comply with 503.10(A) or (B).
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment [as applied to hazardous (classified ) locations).
(A) Class III, Division 1.
(1) General. In Class III, Division 1 locations, the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
(1) Rigid metal conduit (RMC), PVC conduit, RTRC conduit, intermediate metal conduit (IMC), electrical metallic tubing (EMT), dusttight wircways, or Type MC or Type .MI cable with listed termination fittings.
(2) Type PLTC cable or Type PLTC-ER cable used in Class 2 and Class 3 circuits, including installation in cable tray systems. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings. Type PLTC-ER cable shall include an equipment ground- ing conductor in addition to a drain wirc that might be present.
(3) Type ITC cable or Type ITC-ER cable as permitted in 335.4 and terminated with listed fittings. Type ITC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wirc.
(4) Type MV, Type TC, or Type TC-ER cable, including instal- lation in cable tray systems. Type TC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wirc that might be present. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings.
70-412
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
503.30
ARTICLE 503 - CLASS III LOCATIONS
(5) Cablebus.
(6) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with metal braid armor, with an overall jacket, that is terminated with fittings listed for the location, and instal- led in accordance with Part II of Article 337. If installed in ladder, ventilated trough, or ventilated channel cable trays, cables shall be installed in a single layer, with a space not less than the larger cable diameter between the two adjacent cables unless otherwise protected against dust buildup resulting in increased heat.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 1309A, Outline of Investigation for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable fittings.
(2) Boxes and Fittings. All boxes and fittings shall be dust- tight.
(3) Flexible Connections. Where flexible connections are necessary, one or more of the following shall be permitted:
(1) Dusttight flexible connectors
(2) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC) with listed fittings
(3) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC) with listed fittings and bonded in accordance with 503.30(B)
(4) Interlocked armor Type MC cable having an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material and installed with listed dusttight termination fittings
(5) Flexible cord in accordance with 503.140
(6) For elevator use, an identified elevator cable of Type EO, Type ETP, or Type ETT, shown under the "use" column in Table 400.4 for "hazardous (classified) locations" and terminated with listed dusttight fittings
(7) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with metal braid armor, with an overall jacket, that is terminated with fittings listed for the location and instal- led in accordance with Part II of Article 337
Informational Note: See UL 1309A, Outline of Investigation for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for information on construc- tion, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
(4) Nonincendive Field Wiring. Nonincendive field wiring shall be permitted using any of the wiring methods permitted for unclassified locations. Nonincendive field wiring systems shall be installed in accordance with the control drawing(s). Simple apparatus, not shown on the control drawing, shall be permitted in a nonincendive field wiring circuit if the simple apparatus docs not interconnect the nonincendive field wiring circuit to any other circuit.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of simple apparatus.
Separate nonincendive field wiring circuits shall be installed in accordance with one of the following:
(1) In separate cables
(2) In multiconductor cables where the conductors of cach circuit are within a grounded metal shield
(3) In multiconductor cables where the conductors of cach circuit have insulation with a minimum thickness of 0.25 mm (0.01 in.)
(B) Class III, Division 2. Wiring methods in Class III, Division 2 locations shall be in accordance with the following:
(1) The wiring shall comply with 503.10(A).
(2) In sections, compartments, or arcas that do not contain machinery and are used solely for storage, open wiring on insulators shall be permitted where installed in accord- ance with Part II of Article 398, including the condition required by 398.15(C) that protection be provided where conductors are not run in roof spaces and are well out of reach of sources of physical damage.
503.25 Uninsulated Exposed Parts, Class III, Divisions 1 and 2. There shall be no uninsulated exposed parts, such as electrical conductors, buses, terminals, or components, that operate at more than 30 volts (15 volts in wet locations). These parts shall additionally be protected by a protection technique according to 500.7(E), (F), or (G) that is suitable for the location.
Exception: As provided in 503.155.
503.30 Grounding and Bonding. Regardless of the voltage of the electrical system, wiring systems and equipment shall comply with 503.30(A) and (B).
(A) Grounding. Wiring systems and equipment shall be groun- ded in accordance with Part I and Part VI of Article 250, as applicable.
(B) Bonding. Bonding shall comply with Part I and Part V of Article 250, as applicable, and 503.30(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Specific Bonding Means. Bonding shall comply with 503.30(B) (1) (a) and (B) (2)(b).
(a) The locknut-bushing and double-locknut types of contacts shall not be depended on for bonding purposes, but bonding jumpers with identified fittings or other approved means of bonding shall be used. These bonding means shall apply to all metal raceways, fittings, boxes, cable trays, and enclosures, and other parts of raceway systems between hazard- ous (classified) locations and the point of grounding for serv- ice equipment or point of grounding for a separately derived system. Mctal struts, angles, or channels provided for support and mechanical or physical protection as permitted in 335.4(5), 336.10(7) (c), or 722.135(C) shall be bonded in accordance with 250.102.
(b) Where the branch-circuit overcurrent protection is located on the load side of the disconnecting means, the specific bonding means shall be permitted to end at the near- cst point where the grounded circuit conductor and the grounding electrode conductor are connected together on the line side of the building or structure disconnecting means as specified in 250.32(B).
(2) Liquidtight Flexible Metal Conduit. Liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall comply with 503.30(B) (2) (a) and (B) (2) (b).
(a) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall include an equipment bonding jumper of the wire type in accordance with 250.102.
(b) In Class III locations, the bonding jumper shall not be required where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Listed liquidtight flexible metal conduit 1.8 m (6 ft) or less in length, with fittings listed for grounding, is used.
(2) Overcurrent protection in the circuit is limited to 10 amperes or less.
(3) The load is part of a meter, instrument, or relay circuit.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-413
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 503 -CLASS III LOCATIONS
503.100
Part III. Equipment
503.100 Transformers and Capacitors - Class III, Divisions 1 and 2. Transformers and capacitors shall comply with 502.100(B).
503.115 Switches, Circuit Breakers, Motor Controllers, and Fuses - Class III, Divisions 1 and 2. Switches, circuit breakers, motor controllers, and fuses, including pushbuttons, relays, and similar devices, shall be provided with dusttight enclosures.
503.120 Control Transformers and Resistors - Class III, Divi- sions 1 and 2. Transformers, impedance coils, and resistors used as, or in conjunction with, control equipment for motors, generators, and appliances shall be provided with dusttight enclosures complying with the temperature limitations in 503.5.
503.125 Motors and Generators - Class III, Division 1 and Division 2. In Class III, Division 1 and Division 2 locations, motors, generators, and other rotating machinery shall be totally enclosed nonventilated, totally enclosed pipe ventilated, or totally enclosed fan cooled.
Exception: In locations where, in the judgment of the authority having jurisdiction, only moderate accumulations of ignitible fibers/flyings are likely to collect on, in, or in the vicinity of a rotating electrical machine and where such machine is readily accessible for routine cleaning and maintenance, one of the following shall be permitted:
(1) Self-cleaning textile motors of the squirrel-cage type
(2) Standard open-type machines without sliding contactsor centrifu- gal or other types of switching mechanisms, including motor over- load devices
(3) Standard opentype machines having such contacts, switching mechanisms, or resistance devices enclosed within tight housings without ventilating or other openings
503.128 Ventilating Piping - Class III, Divisions 1 and 2. Ventilating pipes for motors, generators, or other rotating elec- trical machinery, or for enclosures for electric equipment, shall be of metal not less than 0.53 mm (0.021 in.) in thickness, or of cqually substantial noncombustible material, and shall comply with the following:
(1) Lead directly to a source of clean air outside of buildings
(2) Be screened at the outer ends to prevent the entrance of small animals or birds
(3) Be protected against physical damage and against rusting or other corrosive influences
Ventilating pipes shall be sufficiently tight, including their connections, to prevent the entrance of appreciable quantities of fibers/flyings into the ventilated equipment or enclosure and to prevent the escape of sparks, flame, or burning material that might ignite accumulations of fibers/flyings or combusti- ble material in the vicinity. For metal pipes, lock scams and riveted or welded joints shall be permitted; and tight-fitting slip joints shall be permitted where some flexibility is necessary, as at connections to motors.
503.130 Luminaires - Class III, Divisions 1 and 2.
(A) Fixed Lighting. Luminaires for fixed lighting shall provide enclosures for lamps and lampholders that are designed to minimize entrance of fibers/flyings and to prevent the escape of sparks, burning material, or hot metal. Each luminaire shall be clearly marked to show the maximum wattage of the lamps
that shall be permitted without exceeding an exposed surface temperature of 165 (329ºF) under normal conditions of use.
(B) Physical Damage. A luminaire that may be exposed to physical damage shall be protected by a suitable guard.
(C) Pendant Luminaires. Pendant luminaires shall be suspen- ded by stems of threaded rigid metal conduit, threaded inter- mediate metal conduit, threaded metal tubing of equivalent thickness, or by chains with approved fittings. For stems longer than 300 mm (12 in.), permanent and effective bracing against lateral displacement shall be provided at a level not more than 300 mm (12 in.) above the lower end of the stem, or flexibility in the form of an identified fitting or a flexible connector shall be provided not more than 300 mm (12 in.) from the point of attachment to the supporting box or fitting.
(D) Portable Lighting Equipment. Portable lighting cquip- ment shall be equipped with handles and protected with substantial guards. Lampholders shall be of the unswitched type with no provision for receiving attachment plugs. There shall be no exposed current-carrying metal parts, and all exposed non-current-carrying metal parts shall be grounded. In all other respects, portable lighting equipment shall comply with 503.130(A).
503.135 Utilization Equipment - Class III, Divisions 1 and 2.
(A) Heaters. Electrically heated utilization equipment shall be identified for Class III locations.
(B) Motors. Motors of motor-driven utilization equipment shall comply with 503.125.
(C) Switches, Circuit Breakers, Motor Controllers, and Fuses. Switches, circuit breakers, motor controllers, and fuses shall comply with 503.115.
503.140 Flexible Cords - Class III, Divisions 1 and 2. Flexible cords shall comply with the following:
(1) Be of a type listed for extra-hard usage
(2) Contain, in addition to the conductors of the circuit, an equipment grounding conductor complying with 400.23
(3) Be supported by clamps or other suitable means in such a manner that there will be no tension on the terminal connections
(4) Be terminated with a listed dusttight cord connector
503.145 Receptacles and Attachment Plugs - Class III, Divi- sion 1 and Division 2. Receptacles and attachment plugs shall be of the grounding type, shall be designed to minimize the accumulation or the entry of fibers/flyings, and shall prevent the escape of sparks or molten particles.
Exception: In locations where, in the judgment of the authority having jurisdiction, only moderate accumulations of ignitible fibers/flyings are likely to collect in the vicinity of a receptacle, and where such receptacle is readily accessible for routine cleaning and mounted to minimize the entry of fibers/flyings, general-purpose grounding-type receptacles shall be permitted.
503.150 Signaling, Alarm, Remote-Control, and Local Loud- speaker Intercommunications Systems - Class III, Division 1 and Division 2. Signaling, alarm, remote-control, and local loudspeaker intercommunications systems shall comply with the requirements of this article regarding wiring methods, switches, transformers, resistors, motors, luminaires, and rela- ted components.
70-414
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 504 - INTRINSICALLY SAFE SYSTEMS
504.30
503.155 Electric Cranes, Hoists, and Similar Equipment - Class III, Divisions 1 and 2. Where installed for operation over combustible fibers or accumulations of flyings, traveling cranes and hoists for material handling, traveling cleaners for textile machinery, and similar cquipment shall comply with 503.155(A) through (D).
(A) Power Supply. The power supply to contact conductors shall be electrically isolated from all other systems, ungroun- ded, and shall be equipped with an acceptable ground detector that gives an alarm and automatically de energizes the contact conductors in case of a fault to ground or gives a visual and audible alarm as long as power is supplied to the contact conductors and the ground fault remains.
(B) Contact Conductors. Contact conductors shall be located or guarded so as to be inaccessible to other than authorized persons and shall be protected against accidental contact with foreign objects.
(C) Current Collectors. Current collectors shall be arranged or guarded so as to confine normal sparking and prevent escape of sparks or hot particles. To reduce sparking, two or more separate surfaces of contact shall be provided for cach contact conductor. Reliable means shall be provided to keep contact conductors and current collectors free of accumula- tions of lint or flyings.
(D) Control Equipment. Control equipment shall comply with 503.115 and 503.120.
503.160 Storage Battery Charging Equipment - Class III, Divisions 1 and 2. Storage battery charging equipment shall be located in separate rooms built or lined with substantial noncombustible materials. The rooms shall be constructed to prevent the entrance of ignitible amounts of flyings or lint and shall be well ventilated.
ARTICLE 504 Intrinsically Safe Systems
504.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of intrinsically safc (I.S.) apparatus, wiring, and systems for hazardous (classi- ficd) locations.
Informational Note: See ANSI/ISA RP 12.06.01, Recommended Practice for Wiring Methods for Hazardous (Classified) Locations Instrumentation - Part 1: Intrinsic Safety, for additional informa- tion.
504.3 Application of Other Articles. Except as modified by this article, all applicable articles of this Code shall apply.
504.4 Equipment. All intrinsically safe apparatus and as.soci- ated apparatus shall be listed.
Exception: Simple apparatus, as described on the control drawing, shall not be required to be listed.
504.10 Equipment Installation.
(A) Control Drawing. Intrinsically safc apparatus, associated apparatus, and other equipment shall be installed in accord- ance with the control drawing(s).
A simple apparatus, whether or not shown on the control drawing(s), shall be permitted to be installed provided the simple apparatus docs not interconnect intrinsically safe circuits.
Informational Note No. 1: The control drawing identification is marked on the apparatus.
Informational Note No. 2: Associated apparatus with a marked Um of less than 250 V may require additional overvoltage protection at the inputs to limit any possible fault voltages to less than the U'm marked on the product.
(B) Location. Intrinsically safe apparatus shall be permitted to be installed in any hazardous (classified) location for which it has been identified.
Associated apparatus shall be permitted to be installed in any hazardous (classified) location for which it has been identi- ficd.
Simple apparatus shall be permitted to be installed in any hazardous (classified) location in accordance with 504.10(D).
(C) Enclosures. General-purpose enclosures shall be permit- ted for intrinsically safe apparatus and associated apparatus unless otherwise specified in the manufacturer's documenta- tion.
(D) Simple Apparatus. Simple apparatus shall be permitted to be installed in any hazardous (classified) location in which the maximum surface temperature of the simple apparatus docs not exceed the ignition temperature of the flammable gases or vapors, flammable liquids, combustible dusts, or ignitible fibers/flyings present. The maximum surface temperature can be determined from the values of the output power from the associated apparatus or apparatus to which it is connected to obtain the temperature class. The temperature class can be determined by:
(1) Reference to Table 504.10(D)
(2) Calculation using the following cquation:
[504.10(D)]
T = P.Ru + Tmel
where:
T = surface temperature
P. = output power marked on the associated apparatus or intrinsically safc apparatus
RA = thermal resistance of the simple apparatus
Tamb = ambient temperature (normally 40) and reference Table 500.8(C) (4)
In addition, components with a surface arca smaller than 10 cm2 (excluding lead wires) may be classified as T5 if their surface temperature does not exceed 150.
504.20 Wiring Methods. Any of the wiring methods suitable for unclassified locations, including those covered by Chapter 7 and Chapter 8, shall be permitted for installing intrinsically safc apparatus. Scaling shall be as provided in 504.70, and sepa- ration shall be as provided in 504.30.
504.30 Separation of Intrinsically Safe Conductors.
(A) From Nonintrinsically Safe Circuit Conductors.
(1) In Raceways, Cable Trays, and Cables. Conductors of intrinsically safe circuits shall not be placed in any raceway,
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-415
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
504.30
ARTICLE 504 - INTRINSICALLY SAFE SYSTEMS
Table 504.10(D) Assessment for T4 Classification According to Component Size and Temperature
Total Surface Area Excluding Lead Wires
Requirement for T4 Classification
<20 mm2 20 mm2 10 cm2 20 mm2
Surface temperature 275; Surface temperature 200; Power not exceeding 1.3 W*
*Based on 40 ambient temperature. Reduce to 1.2 W with an ambient of 60 or 1.0 W with 80 ambient temperature.
cable tray, or cable with conductors of any nonintrinsically safe circuit, unless they meet the requirements of one of the follow- ing methods:
(1) Separated from conductors of nonintrinsically safc circuits in accordance with one of the following:
a. By a distance of at least 50 mm (2 in.) and secured
b. By a grounded metal partition that is 0.91 mm (0.0359 in) or thicker
c. An approved insulating partition
(2) All of the intrinsically safe circuit conductors or nonin- trinsically safe circuit conductors are in Type MC cable, Type MI cable, or other approved grounded metal- shcathed or metal-clad cables where the sheathing or cladding is capable of carrying fault current to ground
(3) In a Division 2 or Zone 2 location, installed in a raceway, cable tray, or cable along with nonincendive field wiring circuits when installed in accordance with 504.30 (B)
(4) Where passing through a Division 2 or Zone 2 location to supply apparatus that is located in a Division 1, Zone 0 or Zone 1 location, installed in a raceway, cable tray, or cable along with nonincendive field wiring circuits when instal- led in accordance with 504.30(B)
(2) Within Enclosures. Conductors of intrinsically safe circuits shall be secured so that any conductor that might come loose from a terminal is unlikely to come into contact with another terminal. The conductors shall be separated from conductors of nonintrinsically safe circuits by one of the following meth- odls:
(1) Separation by at least 50 mm (2 in.) from conductors of any nonintrinsically safe circuits, and secured
(2) Separation from conductors of nonintrinsically safc circuits by use of a grounded metal partition 0.91 mm (0.0359 in.) or thicker or approved restricted access wiring ducts separated from other wiring ducts by a mini- mum of 19 mm (3/4 in.)
(3) Scparation from conductors of nonintrinsically safc circuits by use of rigid insulating partition 0.91 mm (0.0359 in,) or thicker that extends to within 1.5 mm (0.0625 in.) of the enclosure walls
(4) Use of separate wiring compartments for intrinsically safe and nonintrinsically safe terminals
(5) Either all intrinsically safe circuit conductors or all nonin- trinsically safe circuit conductors are installed in groun- ded metal-sheathed or metal-clad cables, where the sheathing or cladding is capable of carrying fault current to ground
(3) Other (Not in Raceway or Cable Tray Systems). Conduc- tors and cables of intrinsically safe circuits run in other than raceway or cable tray systems shall be separated by at least 50 mm (2 in.) and secured from conductors and cables of any
nonintrinsically safc circuits unless one of the following applics:
(1) All of the intrinsically safe circuit conductors are in Type MI or MC cables.
(2) All of the nonintrinsically safe circuit conductors are in raceways or Type MI or Type MC cables where the sheath- ing or cladding is capable of carrying fault current to ground.
(B) From Different Intrinsically Safe Circuit Conductors. The clearance between two terminals for connection of field wiring of different intrinsically safe circuits shall be at least 6 mm (0.25 in.), unless this clearance is permitted to be reduced by the control drawing. Different intrinsically safe circuits shall be separated from cach other by one of the following means:
(1) The conductors of cach circuit are within a grounded metal shield.
(2) The conductors of cach circuit have insulation with a minimum thickness of 0.25 mm (0.01 in.).
Exception: Unless otherwise identified.
(C) From Grounded Metal. The clearance between the unin- sulated parts of field wiring conductors connected to terminals and grounded metal or other conducting parts shall be at least 3 mm (0.125 in.).
504.50 Grounding.
(A) Intrinsically Safe Apparatus, Enclosures, and Raceways. Intrinsically safc apparatus, enclosures, and raceways, if of metal, shall be connected to the equipment grounding conduc- tor ..
Informational Note: See ANSI/ISA RP 12.06.01, Recommended Practice for Wiring Methods for Hazardous (Classified) Locations Instrumentation - Part 1: Intrinsic Safety. In addition to an equip- ment grounding conductor connection, a connection to a grounding electrode might be needed for some associated appa- ratus, such as zener diode barriers, if specified in the control drawing.
(B) Associated Apparatus and Cable Shields. Associated appa- ratus and cable shields shall be grounded in accordance with the required control drawing. Scc 504.10(A).
Informational Note: See ANSI/ISA RP 12.06.01, Recommended Practice for Wiring Methods for Hazardous (Classified) Locations Instrumentation - Part 1: Intrinsic Safety. In addition to an equip- ment grounding conductor connection, a connection to a grounding electrode might be needed for some associated appa- ratus, such as zener diode barriers, if specified in the control drawing.
(C) Connection to Grounding Electrodes. Where connection to a grounding electrode is required, the grounding electrode shall be as specified in 250.52(A)(1), (A) (2), (A) (3), and (A)(4) and shall comply with 250.30(A) (4). Sections 250.52(A) (5), (A)(7), and (A) (8) shall not be used if any of the electro- des specified in 250.52(A) (1), (A)(2), (A)(3), or (A)(4) arc present.
504.60 Bonding.
(A) Intrinsically Safe Apparatus. Intrinsically safe apparatus, if of metal, shall be bonded in the hazardous (classified) location in accordance with 501.30(B), 502.30(B), 503.30(B), 505.30(B), or 506.30(B), as applicable.
70-416
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
505.4
(B) Metal Raceways. Where metal raceways are used for intrinsically safe system wiring, bonding at all ends of the race- way, regardless of the location, shall be in accordance with 501.30(B), 502.30(B), 503.30(B), 505.30(B), or 506.30(B), as applicable.
504.70 Sealing. Conduits and cables that are required to be scaled by 501.15, 502.15, 505.16, and 506.16 shall be scaled to minimize the passage of gases, vapors, or dusts. Such scals shall not be required to be explosionproof or flameproof but shall be identified for the purpose of minimizing passage of gases, vapors, or dusts under normal operating conditions and shall be accessible.
Exception: Seals shall not be required for enclosures that contain only intrinsically safe apparatus, except as required by 501.17.
504.80 Identification. Labels required by this section shall be suitable for the environment where they are installed, with consideration given to exposure to chemicals and sunlight.
(A) Terminals. Intrinsically safe circuits shall be identified at terminal and junction locations in a manner that is intended to prevent unintentional interference with the circuits during test- ing and servicing.
(B) Wiring. Raccways, cable trays, and other wiring methods for intrinsically safe system wiring shall be identified with permanently affixed labels with the wording "Intrinsic Safety Wiring" or equivalent. The labels shall be located so as to be visible after installation and placed so that they may be readily traced through the entire length of the installation. Intrinsic safety circuit labels shall appear in every section of the wiring system that is separated by enclosures, walls, partitions, or floors. Spacing between labels shall not be more than 7.5 m (25 ft).
Exception: Circuits run underground shall be permitted to be identified where they become accessible after emergence from the ground.
Informational Note No. 1: Wiring methods permitted in unclas- sified locations may be used for intrinsically safe systems in hazardous (classified) locations. Without labels to identify the application of the wiring, enforcement authorities cannot deter- mine that an installation is in compliance with this Code.
Informational Note No. 2: In unclassified locations, identifica- tion is necessary to ensure that nonintrinsically safe wire will not be inadvertently added to existing raceways at a later date.
(C) Color Coding. Color coding shall be permitted to identify intrinsically safe conductors where they are colored light blue and where no other conductors colored light blue are used. Likewise, color coding shall be permitted to identify raceways, cable trays, and junction boxes where they are colored light bluc and contain only intrinsically safe wiring.
ARTICLE 505 Zone 0, 1, and 2 Locations
505.1 Scope.
(A) Covered. This article covers the requirements for the zone classification system as an alternative to the division classifica-
tion system covered in 500.1 for electrical and electronic equip- ment and wiring for all voltages where fire or explosion hazards might exist duc to flammable gases, vapors, or liquids for the following:
(1) Zone 0 hazardous (classified) locations
(2) Zone 1 hazardous (classified) locations
(3) Zone 2 hazardous (classified) locations
Informational Note No. 1: The term "Class I" was originally included as a prefix to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 locations and references as an identifier for flammable gases, vapors, or liquids to differentiate from Class II and Class III locations. Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 only apply to flammable gases, vapors, or liquids, so the "Class I" prefix is redundant and has been deleted. However, the marking of "Class I" is left as an optional marking within this Article.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 497-2021, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Flammable Liquids, Gases, or Vapors and of Hazardous (Classified) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process Areas, for extracted text that is followed by a reference in brackets. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
Informational Note No. 3: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment [as applied to hazardous (classified) locations].
(B) Not Covered. This article does not cover electrical and electronic equipment and wiring in the following:
(1): Class I, Class II, or Class III, Division 1 or Division 2 hazardous (classified) locations
(2) Zone 20, Zone 21, or Zone 22 hazardous (classified) loca- tions
(3) Locations subject to the unique risk and explosion hazards associated with explosives, pyrotechnics, and blasting agents
(4) Locations where pyrophoric materials are the only mate- rials used or handled
(5) Features of equipment that involve nonelectrical poten- tial sources of ignition (c.g., couplings, pumps, gcar- boxes, brakes, hydraulic and pneumatic motors, fans, engines, compressors)
Informational Note No. 1: Common nonelectrical potential sources of ignition include hot surfaces and mechanically gener- ated sparks.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 80079-36, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 36: Non-Electrical Equipment for Explosive Atmos- pheres - Basir Method and Requirements, and ANSI/UL 80079-37, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 37: Non-Electrical Equipment for Explo- sive Atmospheres - Non-Electrical Type of Protection Constructional Safety "c" Control of Ignition Sourre "b", Liquid Immersion "k", for additional information.
505.4 Documentation. Arcas designated as hazardous (classi- ficd) locations or as unclassified shall be documented on an arca classification drawing and other associated documenta- tion. This documentation shall be made available to the AHJ and those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, or operate electrical equipment at the location.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/API RP 505, Recommended Practice for Classification of Locations for Electrical Installations at Petroleum Facilities Classified as Class I, Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2, ANSI/ISA 60079-10-1 (12.24.01), Explosive Atmospheres - Part 10-1: Classification of areas - Explosive gas atmosphere; and EI 15, Model Code of Safe Practice, Part 15: Area Classification for Instal- lations Handling Flammable Fluids, for examples of area classifica- tion drawings.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-417
505.5
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
Informational Note No. 2: See 505.8(I)(2), (I) (3), or (I) (4) for information on where gas detection equipment is used as a means of protection. The documentation typically includes the type of detection equipment, its listing, the installation loca- tion(s), the alarm and shutdown criteria, and the calibration frequency.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 497, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Flammable Liquids, Gases, or Vapors and of Hazardous (Classified) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemi- cal Process Areas; ANSI/API RP 505, Recommended Practice for Clas- sification of Locations for Electrical Installations at Petroleum Facilities Classified as Class I, Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2, ANSI/ISA 60079-10-1 (12.24.01), Explosive Atmosphere - Part 10-1: Classifi- cation of areas - Explosive gas atmospheres, and EI 15, Model Code of Safe Practice, Part 15: Area Classification for Installations Handling Flammable Fluids, for information on the classification of loca- tions.
Informational Note No. 4: See NFPA 77, Recommended Practice on Static Electricity, NFPA 780, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, and API RP 2003, Protection Against Ignitions Arising Out of Static, Lightning, and Stray Currents, for information on protection against static electricity and lightning hazards in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 5: See NFP.A 30, Flammable and Combusti- ble Liquids Code, and ANSI/API RP 505, Recommended Practice for Classification of Locations for Electrical Installations at Petroleum Facilities Classified as Class I, Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2, for infor- mation on ventilation.
Informational Note No. 6: See ANSI/API RP 14FZ, Recommended Practice for Design, Installation, and Maintenance of Electrical Systems for Fixed and Floating Offshore Petroleum Facilities for Unclassified and Class I, Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 Locations, for information on electrical systems for hazardous (classified) locations on offshore oil and gas producing platforms, drilling rigs, and workover rigs.
Informational Note No. 7: See UL 120101, Definitions and Infor- mation Pertaining to Electrical Apparatus in Hazardous Locations, and ANSI/UL 60079-0, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 0: Equipment - General Requirements, for further information on the general application of electrical equipment in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 8: See ANSI/UL 121203, Portable/ Personal Electronic Products Suitable for Use in Class I, Division 2, Class I, Zone 2, Class II, Division 2, Class III, Division 1, Class III, Division 2, Zone 21 and Zone 22 Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on whether portable or transportable equipment having self-contained power supplies, such as battery-operated equipment, could potentially become an ignition source in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 9: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for information concerning the installation of equipment utilizing optical emissions technology (such as laser equipment) that could potentially become an igni- tion source in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 10: See IEC/IEEE 60079-30-2, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 30-2: Electrical Resistance Trace Heating - Appli- cation Guide for Design, Installation and Maintenance, for informa- tion on electrical resistance trace heating for hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 11: See IEEE 844.2/CSA C293.2,JEFE/CSA Standard for Skin Effert Trace Heating of Pipelines, Vessels, Equipment, and Structures - Application Guide for Design, Installation, Testing, Commissioning, and Maintenance, for informa- tion on electric skin effect trace heating for hazardous (classi- fied) locations.
Informational Note No. 12: See IEEE 844.4/CSA C293.4, IEEE/CSA Standard for Impedance Heating of Pipelines and Equip- ment - Application Guide for Design, Installation, Testing, Commis- sioning, and Maintenance, for information on electric impedance heating for hazardous (classified) locations.
505.5 Classifications of Locations.
(A) General.
(1) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Locations shall be classi- ficd depending on the properties of the flammable gases, flam- mable liquid-produced vapors, combustible liquid-produced vapors, combustible dusts, or fibers/flyings that could be present and the likelihood that a flammable or combustible concentration or quantity is present. Each room, section, or arca shall be considered individually in determining its classifi- cation.
Informational Note No. 1: See 505.7 for restrictions on area clas- sification.
Informational Note No. 2: Through the exercise of ingenuity in the layout of electrical installations for hazardous (classified) locations, it is frequently possible to locate much of the equip- ment in a reduced level of classification or in an unclassified location to reduce the amount of special equipment required.
(2) Refrigerant Machinery Rooms Using Ammonia. Refriger- ant machinery rooms that contain ammonia refrigeration systems and are equipped with adequate mechanical ventila- tion that operates continuously or is initiated by a detection system at a concentration not exceeding 150 ppm shall be permitted to be classified as "unclassified" locations.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IIAR 2, Standard for Safe Design of Closed-Circuit Ammonia Refrigeration Systems, for information on the classification and ventilation of areas involving closed-circuit ammonia refrigeration systems.
(B) Zone 0, 1, and 2 Locations. Zone 0, 1, and 2 locations arc those in which flammable gases or vapors are or may be present in the air in quantities sufficient to produce explosive or ignitible mixtures. Zone 0, 1, and 2 locations shall include those specified in 505.5(B) (1), (B) (2), and (B) (3).
(1) Zone 0. A Zone 0 location is a location in which one of the following conditions exists:
(1) Ignitible concentrations of flammable gases or vapors are present continuously
(2) Ignitible concentrations of flammable gases or vapors arc present for long periods of time
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/API RP 505, Recommended Practice for Classification of Locations for Electrical Installations at Petroleum Facilities Classified as Class I, Zone O, Zone 1, and Zone 2, and ANSI/ISA 60079-10-1 (12.24.01), Explosive Atmospheres - Part 10-1: Classification of Areas - explosive gas atmospheres, for information for when flammable gases or vapors are present continuously or for long periods of time.
Informational Note No. 2: This classification includes the follow- ing locations:
(1) Inside vented tanks or vessels that contain volatile flam- mable liquids
(2) Inside inadequately vented spraying or coating enclosures where volatile flammable solvents are used
(3) Between the inner and outer roof sections of a floating roof tank containing volatile flammable liquids
(4) Inside open vessels, tanks, and pits containing volatile flammable liquids
70-418
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
505.6
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
(5) Interior of an exhaust duct used to vent ignitible concen- trations of gases or vapors
(6) Inside inadequately ventilated enclosures that contain normally venting instruments using or analyzing flamma- ble fluids and venting to the inside of the enclosures
(2) Zone 1. A Zone 1 location is a location
(1) In which ignitible concentrations of flammable gases or vapors are likely to exist under normal operating condi- tions; or
(2) In which ignitible concentrations of flammable gases or vapors may exist frequently because of repair or mainte- nance operations or because of leakage; or
(3) In which equipment is operated or processes are carried on, of such a nature that equipment breakdown or faulty operations could result in the release of ignitible concen- trations of flammable gases or vapors and also cause simultancous failure of electrical equipment in a mode to cause the electrical equipment to become a source of ignition; or
(4) That is adjacent to a Zone 0 location from which ignitible concentrations of vapors could be communicated, unless communication is prevented by adequate positive pres- sure ventilation from a source of clean air and effective safeguards against ventilation failure are provided.
Informational Note No. 1: Nonnal operation is considered the situation when plant equipment is operating within its design parameters. Minor releases of flammable material may be part of normal operations. Minor releases include the releases from mechanical packings on pumps. Failures that involve repair or shutdown (such as the breakdown of pump seals and flange gaskets, and spillage caused by accidents) are not considered normal operation.
Informational Note No. 2: This classification usually includes the following locations:
(1) Where volatile flammable liquids or liquefied flammable gases are transferred from one container to another
(2) Areas in the vicinity of spraying and painting operations where flammable solvents are used
(3) Adequately ventilated drying rooms or comparunents for evaporation of flammable solvents
(4) Adequately ventilated locations containing fat and oil extraction equipment using volatile flainmable solvents
(5) Portions of cleaning and dyeing plants where volatile flammable liquids are used
(6) Adequately ventilated gas generator rooms and other portions of gas manufacturing plants where flammable gas might escape
(7) Inadequately ventilated pump rooms for flammable gas or for volatile flammable liquids
(8) Interiors of refrigerators and freezers in which volatile flammable materials are stored in the open, lightly stop- pered, or in easily ruptured containers
(9) Other locations where ignitible concentrations of flamma- ble vapors or gases are likely to occur in the course of normal operation but are not classified Zone 0
(3) Zone 2. A Zone 2 location is a location
(1) In which ignitible concentrations of flammable gases or vapors are not likely to occur in normal operation and, if they do occur, will exist only for a short period; or
(2) In which volatile flammable liquids, flammable gases, or flammable vapors are handled, processed, or used but in which the liquids, gases, or vapors normally arc confined within closed containers of closed systems from which they can escape, only as a result of accidental rupture or breakdown of the containers or system, or as a result of
the abnormal operation of the equipment with which the liquids or gases are handled, processed, or used; or
(3) In which ignitible concentrations of flammable gases or vapors normally are prevented by positive mechanical ventilation but which may become hazardous as a result of failure or abnormal operation of the ventilation cquip- ment; or
(4) That is adjacent to a Zone 1 location, from which igniti- ble concentrations of flammable gases or vapors could be communicated, unless such communication is prevented by adequate positive-pressure ventilation from a source of clean air and effective safeguards against ventilation fail- ure are provided.
Informational Note: The Zone 2 classification usually includes locations where volatile flammable liquids or flammable gases or vapors are used but which would become hazardous only in case of an accident or of some unusual operating condition.
505.6 Material Groups. For purposes of testing, approval, and arca classification, various air mixtures (not oxygen enriched) shall be grouped as required in 505.6(A), (B), and (C).
Informational Note No. 1: See 90.2(D). This Code does not apply to installations underground in mines. Group I is intended for use in describing atmospheres that contain firedamp: a mixture of gases, composed mostly of methane, found underground, usually in mines.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 60079-11, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 11: Equipment Protection by Intrinsic Safety "i". The gas and vapor subdivision is based on the maximum experi- mental safe gap (MESG), minimum igniting current (MIC), or both.
Informational Note No. 3: See ISO/IEC 80079-20-1, Explosive atmospheres - Part 20-1: Material characteristics for gas and vapour classification - Test methods and data, for information on the test equipment for determining MIC in the classification of gases or vapors according to their maximum experimental safe gaps and minimum igniting currents.
Informational Note No. 4: Group II is currently subdivided into Group IIA, Group IIB, and Group IIC. Prior marking require- ments permitted some types of protection to be marked without a subdivision, showing only Group II.
Informational Note No. 5: It is necessary that the meanings of the different equipment markings and Group II classifications be carefully observed to avoid confusion with Class I, Division ! and Division 2, Groups A, B, C, and D.
Zone 0, 1, and 2, groups shall be as follows:
(A) Group IIC. Atmospheres containing acetylene, hydrogen, or flammable gas, flammable liquid-produced vapor, or combustible liquid-produced vapor mixed with air that may burn or explode, having cither a maximum experimental safe gap (MESG) valuc less than or equal to 0.50 mm or minimum igniting current (MIC) ratio less than or equal to 0.45. [497:3.3.5.2.3]
Informational Note: See 500.6(A) (1) and (A)(2) for Class I, Group A and Class I, Group B classifications. Group IIC is equiv- alent to a combination of Class I, Group A and Class I, Group B.
(B) Group IIB. Atmospheres containing acetaldehyde, ethyl- cnc, or flammable gas, flammable liquid-produced vapor, or combustible liquid-produced vapor mixed with air that may burn or explode, having cither maximum experimental safe gap (MESG) values greater than 0.50 mm and less than or cqual to 0.90 mm or minimum igniting current ratio (MIC
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-419
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
505.6
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
ratio) greater than 0.45 and less than or equal to 0.80. [497:3.3.5.2.2]
Informational Note No. 1: See 500.6(A) (3). Class I, Group C is equivalent to Group IIB.
Informational Note No. 2: Class I, Group B is equivalent to Group IIB + Hz.
(C) Group IIA. Atmospheres containing acetone, ammonia, ethyl alcohol, gasoline, methane, propane, or flammable gas, flammable liquid-produced vapor, or combustible liquid- produced vapor mixed with air that may burn or explode, having cither a maximum experimental safe gap (MESG) valuc greater than 0.90 mm or minimum igniting current (MIC) ratio greater than 0.80. [497:3.3.5.2.1]
Informational Note: See 500.6(A) (4). Class I, Group D is equiva- lent to Group IIA.
505.7 Special Precaution. This article requires equipment construction and installation that ensures safe performance under conditions of proper use and maintenance.
Informational Note No. 1: It is important that inspection author- ities and users exercise more than ordinary care regarding the installation and maintenance of electrical equipment in hazard- ous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 2: Electrical equipment that is depend- ent on the protection technique permitted by 505.8(A) might not be suitable for use at temperatures lower than -20 (-4ºF) unless they are identified for use at lower temperatures. Low ambient conditions require special consideration. At low ambi- ent temperatures, flammable concentrations of vapors might not exist in a location classified at normal ambient temperature.
(A) Implementation of Zone Classification System. Classifica- tion of arcas, engineering and design, selection of equipment and wiring methods, installation, and inspection shall be performed by qualified persons.
(B) Dual Classification. In instances of arcas within the same facility classified separately, Zone 2 locations shall be permitted to abut, but not overlap, Class I, Division 2 locations. Zone 0 or Zone 1 locations shall not abut Class I, Division 1 or Division 2 locations.
(C) Reclassification Permitted. A Class I, Division 1 or Divi- sion 2 location shall be permitted to be reclassified as a Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 location, provided all of the space that is classified because of a single flammable gas or vapor source is reclassified under the requirements of this article.
(D) Solid Obstacles. Flameproof equipment with flanged joints shall not be installed such that the flange openings arc closer than the distances shown in Table 505.7(D) to any solid obstacle that is not a part of the equipment (such as steelworks, walls, weather guards, mounting brackets, pipes, or other elec- trical equipment) unless the equipment is listed for a smaller distance of separation.
(E) Simultaneous Presence of Flammable Gases and Combus- tible Dusts or Fibers/Flyings. Where flammable gases, combus- tible dusts, or fibers/flyings are or may be present at the same time, the simultaneous presence shall be considered during the selection and installation of the electrical equipment and the wiring methods, including the determination of the safe oper- ating temperature of the electrical equipment.
Table 505.7(D) Minimum Distance of Obstructions from Flameproof "d" Flange Openings
Minimum Distance
Gas Group
mm
in.
IIC
40
13%+
IIB
30
IIA
10
(F) Available Fault Current for Type of Protection "e". Unless listed and marked for connection to circuits with higher availa- ble fault current, the available fault current for electrical equip- ment using type of protection "c" for the field wiring connections in Zone 1 locations shall be limited to 10,000 rms symmetrical amperes to reduce the likelihood of ignition of a flammable atmosphere by an arc during a short-circuit event.
Informational Note: Limitation of the available fault current to this level may require the application of current-limiting fuses or current-limiting circuit breakers.
505.8 Protection Techniques. Acceptable protection techni- ques for electrical and electronic equipment in hazardous (classified) locations shall be as described in 505.8(A) through (Q).
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 120101, Definitions and Information Pertaining to Electrical Equipment in Hazardous Lora- tions, and ANSI/UL 60079-0, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 0: Equipment - General Requirements, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See Chapter 9, Table 13 for descrip- tions of subdivisions of protection techniques.
(A) Flameproof Enclosure "d". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 1 or Zone 2 loca- tions.
(B) Pressurized Enclosure "p". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in those Zone 1 or Zone 2 locations for which it is identified.
(C) Intrinsic Safety "i". This protection technique shall be permitted for apparatus and associated apparatus for Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 locations for which it is listed.
(D) Type of Protection "n". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 2 locations. Type of protection "n" is further subdivided into nA, nC, and nR.
(E) Liquid Immersion "o". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 1 or Zone 2 locations.
(F) Increased Safety "e". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 1 or Zone 2 locations.
(G) Encapsulation "m". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 loca- tions for which it is identified.
(H) Powder Filling "q". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 1 or Zone 2 locations.
(I) Detection Systems for Flammable Gases. A detection system for flammable gases shall be permitted as a means of protection in restricted industrial establishments.
70-420
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
505.9
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
(1) General. Any gas detection system used as a protection technique shall meet all of the requirements in 505.8(I) (1) (a) through (I) (1)(c).
(a) The gas detection equipment used shall be listed for Zone 1 and listed for the detection of the specific gas or vapor to be encountered.
(b) The gas detection system shall not use portable or transportable equipment, or temporary wiring methods.
(c) The gas detection system shall only use point-type sensors. The system shall be permitted to be augmented with open-path (linc-of-sight)-type sensors, but open-path-type sensors shall not be the basis for this protection technique.
(d) The type of detection equipment, its listing, the installation location(s), the alarm and shutdown criteria, and the calibration frequency shall be documented where gas detectors are used as a protection technique.
(c) The applications for the use of gas detection systems as a protection technique shall be limited to 505.8(I) (2), (I) (3), or (I) (4).
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 121303, Guide for Use of Detectors for Flammable Gases, or ANSI/FM 121303, Guide for Use of Detectors for Flammable Gases, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 60079-29-1, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 29-1: Gas Detectors - Performance Requirements of Detectors for Flammable Gases, or ANSI/FM 60079-29-1, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 29-1: Gas Detectors - Performance Requirements of Detectors for Flammable Gases, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/API RP 505, Recommended Practice for Classification of Locations for Electrical Installations at Petroleum Facilities Classified as Class I, Zone O, Zone 1, and Zone 2, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 4: See ANSI/UL 60079-29-2, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 29-2: Gas Detectors - Selection, Installation, Use and Maintenance of Detectors for Flammable Gases and Oxygen, or ANSI/FM 60079-29-2, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 29-2: Gas Detectors - Selection, Installation, Use and Maintenance of Detectors for Flammable Gases and Oxygen, for additional information.
(2) Inadequate Ventilation. A location, enclosed space, or building that is classified as a Zone 1 location duc to inade- quate ventilationand that is provided with a detection system for flammable gases shall be permitted to use electrical equip- ment, installation methods, and wiring practices suitable for Zone 2 installations. Sensing a gas concentration of not more than 40 percent of the lower flammable limit or a gas detector system malfunction shall activate an alarm (audible or visual, or both, as most appropriate for the arca).
(3) Interior of a Building or Enclosed Space. Any building or enclosed space that does not contain a source of flammable gas or vapors that is located in, or with an opening into, a Zone 2 hazardous (classified) location that is provided with a detection system for flammable gases shall be permitted to use electrical equipment, installation methods, and wiring practices suitable for unclassified installations under all of the following condi- tions:
(1) An alarm (audible or visual, or both) shall be sounded at not more than 20 percent of the lower flammable limit.
(2) Sensing a gas concentration of not more than 40 percent of the lower flammable limit or a gas detector system malfunction shall activate an alarm (audible or visual, or both, as most appropriate for the arca) and initiate auto- matic disconnection of power from all electrical devices in the arca that are not suitable for Zone 2.
(3) The power disconnecting device(s) shall be suitable for Zone 1 if located inside the building or enclosed space. If the disconnecting device(s) is located outside the build- ing or enclosed space, it shall be suitable for the location in which it is installed.
Redundant or duplicate equipment (such as sensors) shall be permitted to be installed to avoid disconnecting electrical power when equipment malfunctions are indicated.
When automatic shutdown could introduce additional or increased hazard, this technique shall not be permitted.
(4) Interior of a Control Panel. Inside the interior of a control panel containing instrumentation or other equipment using or measuring flammable liquids, gases, or vapors and that is provi- ded with a detection system for flammable gases equipment shall be allowed to use electrical equipment, installation meth- ods, and wiring practices suitable for Zone 2 installations.
An alarm (audible or visual, or both) shall be sounded at not more than 40 percent of the lower flammable limit.
(J) Protection by Electrical Resistance Trace Heating "60079-30-1". This protection technique shall be permitted for electrical resistance trace heating equipment in Zone 1 or Zone 2 for which it is listed.
(K) Inherently Safe Optical Radiation "op is". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 locations for which the equipment is identified.
(L) Protected Optical Radiation "op pr". This protection tech- nique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 1 or Zone 2 locations for which the equipment is identified.
(M) Optical System With Interlock "op sh". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 locations for which the equipment is identified.
(N) Protection by Skin Effect Trace Heating "IEEE 844.1". This protection technique shall be permitted for skin effect trace heating equipment in Zone 1 or Zone 2 locations for which it is listed.
(O) Protection by Impedance Heating "IEEE 844.3". This protection technique shall be permitted for impedance heating of pipelines, and equipment in Zone 2 locations for which it is listed.
(P) Pressurized Room "p". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 1 or Zone 2 locations for which it is identified.
(Q) Special Protection "s". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 loca- tions for which it is listed.
505.9 Equipment.
(A) Suitability. Suitability of identified equipment shall be determined by one of the following:
(1) Equipment listing or labeling
(2) Evidence of equipment evaluation from a qualified test- ing laboratory or inspection agency concerned with prod- uct cvaluation
(3) Evidence acceptable to the authority having jurisdiction such as a manufacturer's self-evaluation or an owner's engineering judgment
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-421
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
505.9
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
Informational Note: Additional documentation for equipment may include certificates demonstrating compliance with applica- ble equipment standards, indicating special conditions of use, and other pertinent infonnation.
(B) Listing.
(1) Equipment that is listed for a Zone 0 location shall be permitted in a Zone 1 or Zone 2 location of the same gas or vapor, provided that it is installed in accordance with the requirements for the marked type of protection. Equipment that is listed for a Zone 1 location shall bc permitted in a Zone 2 location of the same gas or vapor, provided that it is installed in accordance with the requirements for the marked type of protection.
(2) Equipment shall be permitted to be listed for a specific gas or vapor, specific mixtures of gases or vapors, or any specific combination of gases or vapors.
Informational Note: One common example is equipment markedfor "IIB. + H2."
(C) Marking. Equipment shall be marked in accordance with 505.9(C) (1) or (C) (2).
(1) Division Equipment. Equipment identified for Class I, Divi- sion 1 or Class I, Division 2 shall, in addition to being marked in accordance with 500.8(C), be permitted to be marked with all of the following:
(1) Class I, Zone 1 or Zone 1; Class I, Zone 2 or Zone 2 (as applicable)
(2) Applicable gas classification group(s) in accordance with Table 505.9(C) (1)
(3) Temperature classification in accordance with 505.9(D)
(2) Zone Equipment. Equipment meeting one or more of the protection techniques described in 505.8 shall be marked with all of the following in the order shown:
(1) Class I shall be an optional marking. If it is included in the equipment marking, the Class I marking shall precede the zone marking.
(2) Zone in accordance with Chapter 9, Table 13.
(3) Symbol "AEx".
(4) Protection technique(s) in accordance with Chapter 9, Table 13.
(5) Applicable material group in accordance with Table 505.9(C) (1) or a specific gas or vapor.
(6) Temperature classification in accordance with 505.9(D).
(7) Equipment protection level (EPL).
Exception No. 1: Associated apparatus NOT suitable for installation in a hazardous (classified) location shall be required to be marked only with 505.9(C)(2)(3), (C)(2)(4), and (C)(2)(5), but BOTHI the symbol AEx (3) and the symbol for the type of protection (4) shall be enclosed within the same square brackets, for example, [AEx ia Ga] IIC.
Exception No. 2: Simple apparatus as defined in Article 100 shall not be required to have a marked operating temperature or temperature class.
Table 505.9(C)(1) Material Groups
Material Group
Comment
IIC
See 505.6(A)
IIB
See 505.6(B)
ILA
See 505.6(C)
Exception No. 3: Fittings for the termination of cables shall not be required to have a marked operating temperature or temperature class.
Informational Note No. 1: See Infonnational Note Figure 505.9(C) (2), for an explanation of the marking that is required. An example of the required marking for intrinsically safe appa- ratus for installation in Zone 0 is "Class I, Zone 0, AEx ia IIC T6 Ga" or "Zone 0, AEx, ia, IIC T6 Gb."
Informational Note No. 2: An example of the required marking for intrinsically safe associated apparatus mounted in a flame- proof enclosure for installation in Zone 1 is "Class I, Zone 1 AEx db[ia] IIC T4 Gb" or "Zone 1, AEx, db[ia Ga] IIC T4 Gb."
Informational Note No. 3: An example of the required marking for intrinsically safe associated apparatus NOT for installation in a hazardous (classified) location is "[AEx ia Ga] IIC."
Informational Note No. 4: EPLs are designated as G for gas, or D for dust, and are then followed by a letter (a, b, or c) to give the user a better understanding as to whether the equipment provides (a) a "very high," (b) a "high," or (c) an "enhanced" level of protection against ignition of an explosive atmosphere. For example, a Zone 1, AEx db IIC T4 Gb motor (which is suita- ble by protection concept.for application in Zone 1) is marked with an EPL of "Gb" to indicate that it was provided with a high level of protection.
Informational Note No. 5: See ANSI/UL 60079-26, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 26: Equipment with Equipment Protection Level (EPI.) Ga, for additional infonnation. Equipment installed outside a Zone 0 location and electrically connected to equip- ment located inside a Zone 0 location might be marked Zone 0/1. The "/" indicates that equipment contains a separation element and can be installed at the boundary between a Zone 0 and a Zone 1 location.
(D) Temperature Classification Marking. The temperature marking shall not exceed the autoignition temperature of the specific gas or vapor to be encountered.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 60079-26, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 26: Equipment with Equipment Protection Level (EPI.) Ga, for more information. Equipment installed outside a Zone 0 location and electrically connected to equipment loca- ted inside a Zone 0 location might be marked Zone 0/1. The "/" indicates that equipment contains a separation element and can be installed at the boundary between a Zone 0 and a Zone 1 location.
Equipment shall be marked to show the operating tempera- turc or temperature class referenced to a 40 ambient, or at the higher ambient temperature if the equipment is rated and marked for an ambient temperature of greater than 40. The temperature class, if provided, shall be indicated using the temperature class (T code) shown in Table 505.9(D).
Example: Class 1 Z 0 Afone ia
IIC
T6
Ga
Area classification
Symbol for equipment built to American standards
Type(s) of protection designation
Material group
Temperature classification
Equipment protection level (EPL)
Informational Note Figure 505.9(C)(2) Zone Equipment Marking.
70-422
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
505.15
Electrical equipment designed for use in the ambient temperature range between -20 and +40 shall require no ambient temperature marking.
Electrical equipment that is designed for use in a range of ambient temperatures other than -20 to +40 is considered to be special; and the ambient temperature range shall then be marked on the equipment, including cither the symbol "Ta" or "Tamb" together with the special range of ambient tempera- tures, in degrees Celsius.
Informational Note No. 2: For example, such a marking might be "-30°C to +40."
Exception No. 1: Equipment of the non-heat-producing type, such as conduit fittings, and equipment of the heat-producing type having a maximum temperature of not more than 100 (212ºF) shall not be required to have a marked operating temperature or temperature class.
Exception No. 2: Equipment identified for Class I, Division 1 or Divi- sion 2 locations as permitted by 505.20(A), (B), and (C) shall be permitted to be marked in accordance with 505.8(C) and Table 500.8(C)(4).
(E) Threading. The supply connection entry thread form shall be NPT or metric. Conduit and fittings shall be made wrench- tight to prevent sparking when fault current flows through the conduit system, and to ensure the explosionproof or flame- proof integrity of the conduit system where applicable. Equip- ment provided with threaded entries for field wiring connections shall be installed in accordance with 505.9(E) (1) or (E)(2) and with (E) (3).
(1) Equipment Provided with Threaded Entries for NPT Threaded Conduit or Fittings. For cquipment provided with threaded entries for NPT threaded conduit or fittings, listed conduit, listed conduit fittings, or listed cable fittings shall be uscd.
All NPT threaded conduit and fittings shall be threaded with a National (American) Standard Pipe Taper (NPT) thread.
NPT threaded entries into explosionproof or flameproof equipment shall be made up with at least five threads fully engaged.
Exception: For listed explosionproof or flamejnoof equipment, factory- threaded NPT entries shall be made up with at least 41/2 threads fully engaged.
Informational Note No. I: See ASME B1.20.1, Pipe Threads, General Purpose (Inch), for thread specifications for male NPT threads.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 60079-1, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 1: Equipment Protection by Flameproof Enclosures
Table 505.9(D) Temperature Classification Marking of Maximum Surface Temperature for Group II Electrical Equipment
Temperature Class (T Code)
Maximum Surface Temperature (°)
Tl
450
T2
300
T3
200
T4
135
T5
100
T6
85
"d", and ASME B1.20.1, Pipe Threads, General Purpose (Inch), for information on female NPT threaded entries using modified National Standard Pipe Taper (XPT) thread.
(2) Equipment Provided with Threaded Entries for Metric Threaded Conduit or Fittings. For cquipment with metric threaded entries, listed conduit fittings or listed cable fittings shall be used. Such entries shall be identified as being metric, or listed adapters to permit connection to conduit or NPT threaded fittings shall be provided with the equipment and shall be used for connection to conduit or NPT threaded fittings.
Metric threaded fittings installed into explosionproof or flameproof equipment entries shall have a class of fit of at least 6g/6H and be made up with at least five threads fully engaged.
Informational Note: See ISO 965-1, ISO general purpose metric screw threads - Tolerances - Part 1: Principles and basic data, and ISO 965-3, ISO general purpose metric screw threads - Tolerances - Part 3: Deviations for constructional screw threads, for threading specifications for metric threaded entries.
(3) Unused Openings. All unused openings shall be closed with blanking clements or close-up plugs that are listed for the location and will maintain the type of protection. Thread engagement shall comply with 505.9(E) (1) or (E) (2).
(F) Optical Fiber Cables. An optical fiber cable, with or with- out current-carrying conductors (hybrid optical fiber cable), shall be installed to address the associated fire hazard and scaled. to address the associated explosion hazard in accord- ance with 505.15 and 505.16.
(G) Equipment Involving Optical Radiation. For cquipment involving sources of optical radiation (such as laser or LED sources) in the wavelength range from 380 nm to 10 um, the risk of ignition from optical radiation shall be considered for all electrical parts and circuits that may be exposed to the radi- ation, both inside and outside the optical equipment. This includes optical equipment, which itself is located outside the explosive atmosphere, but its cmitted optical radiation enters such atmospheres.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmos- pheres - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for information on types of protection to minimize the risk of ignition in explosive atmospheres from optical radiation.
Exception: All luminaires (fixed, portable, or transportable) and hand lights, intended to be supplied by mains (with or without galvanic isolation) or powered by batteries, with any continuous divergent light source, including LEDs, shall be excluded from this requirement.
505.15 Wiring Methods. Wiring methods shall maintain the integrity of protection techniques and shall comply with 505.15(A) through (C).
(A) Zone 0. In Zone 0 locations, equipment protected by intrinsic safety "ia" and equipment protected by encapsulation "ma" shall be connected using intrinsically safe "ia" circuits with wiring methods in accordance with 504.20.
(B) Zone 1.
(1) General. In Zone 1 locations, the following wiring meth- ods shall be permitted:
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-423
505.15
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
Informational Note No. 1: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment fas applied to hazardous (classified) locations).
(1) All wiring methods permitted by 505.15(A).
(2) In restricted industrial establishments where the cable is not subject to physical damage, Type MC-HL cable listed for use in Zone 1 or Class I, Division 1 locations, with a gas/vaportight continuous corrugated metallic sheath, an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material, and a separate equipment grounding conductor(s) in accord- ance with 250.122. Typc MC-HL cable shall be termina- ted with fittings listed for the application and installed in accordance with Part II of Article 330.
(3) In restricted industrial establishments where the cable is not subject to physical damage, Type ITC-HL cable listed for use in Zone 1 or Class I, Division 1 locations, with a gas/vaportight continuous corrugated metallic sheath and an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material. Type ITC-HL cable shall be terminated with fittings listed for the application and installed in accordance with 335.4
(4) Type MI cable terminated with fittings listed for Zone 1 or Class I, Division 1 locations. Type MI cable shall be installed and supported in a manner to avoid tensile stress at the termination fittings.
(5) Threaded rigid metal conduit (RMC) or threaded inter- mediate metal conduit (IMC), including RMC or IMC conduit systems with supplemental corrosion protection coatings.
(6) Where encased in a concrete envelope a minimum of 50 mm (2 in.) thick and provided with not less than 600 mm (24 in.) of cover measured from the top of the conduit to grade, PVC or RTRC conduit. R.MC or IMC conduit shall be used for the last 600 mm (24 in.) of the underground run to emergence or to the point of connection to the aboveground raceway. An equipment grounding conductor shall be included to provide for electrical continuity of the raceway system and for grounding of non-current-carrying metal parts.
(7) Intrinsic safety type of protection "ib" using the wiring methods in accordance with 504.20.
(8) Optical fiber cable Type OFNP, Type OFCP, Type OFNR, Type OFCR, Type OFNG, Typc, OFCG, Type OFN, or Type OFC installed in raceways in accordance with 505.15(B). Optical fiber cable shall be scaled in accord- ance with 505.16.
(9) In restricted industrial establishments for applications limited to 600 volts nominal or less where the cable is not subject to physical damage, Type TC-ER-HIL shall be terminated with fittings listed for the location and instal- led in accordance with 336.10.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Lorations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables and cable fittings.
(10) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with metal braid armor and an overall jacket. Typc P cable shall be terminated with fittings listed for the location and installed in accordance with Part II of Arti- clc 337.
Informational Note No. 3: See UL 1309A, Outline of Investigation for Cable for use in Mobile Installations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
Informational Note No. 4: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Lorations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable fittings.
(2) Flexible Connections. If flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment during operation or to allow for movement after installation during mainte- nance, one of the following shall be permitted:
(1) Flexible fittings listed for the location.
(2) Flexible cord in accordance with 505.17(A), terminated with cord connectors listed for the location.
(3) In restricted industrial establishments for applications limited to 600 volts nominal or less, where the cable is not subject to physical damage and is terminated with fittings listed for the location, Type TC-ER-HL cable. Type TC- ER-HL cable shall be listed for use in Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1 locations and shall be installed in accordance with 336.10.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Lorations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables and cable fittings.
(4) In restricted industrial establishments listed Type P cable with metal braid armorand an overall jacket. Type P cable shall be terminated with fittings listed for the location and installed in accordance with Part II of Article 337.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 1309A, Outline of Investigation for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable fittings.
(C) Zone 2.
(1) General. In Zone 2 locations, the following wiring meth- ods shall be permitted:
Informational Note No. 1: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment fas applied to hazardous (classified) locations).
(1) All wiring methods permitted by 505.15(B).
(2) Type MC, Type MV, Type TC, or Type TC-ER cable, including installation in cable tray systems. Type TC-ER shall include a separate equipment grounding conduc- tor in addition to a drain wire that might be present. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings. Single conductor Type MV cables shall be shielded or metallic- armored.
(3) Type ITC cable or Type ITC-ER cable as permitted in 335.4 and terminated with listed fittings. Type ITC-ER shall include a separate insulated equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wirc.
(4) Type PLTC cable or Type PLTC-ER cable used for Class 2 or Class 3 circuits, including installation in cable tray systems. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings. Type PLTC-ER shall include a separate insulated equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wire that might be present.
(5) Enclosed gasketed busways or enclosed gasketed wire- ways.
(6) In restricted industrial establishments and where metal conduit docs not provide the corrosion resistance needed for the environment where it is installed, listed reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC), factory
70-424
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
505.16
elbows, and associated fittings, all marked with the suffix -XW, and Schedule 80 PVC conduit, factory elbows, and associated fittings. Where scals are required for boun- dary conditions as defined in 505.16(C) (1) (b), the Zonc 1 wiring method shall extend into the Zone 2 arca to the scal, which shall be located on the Zone 2 side of the Zone 1/Zone 2 boundary.
(7) Intrinsic safety type of protection "ic" using any of the wiring methods permitted for unclassified locations. Intrinsic safety type of protection "ic" systems shall be installed in accordance with the control drawing(s). Simple apparatus, not shown on the control drawing, shall be permitted in an intrinsic safety type of protec- tion "ic" circuit if the simple apparatus does not inter- connect the intrinsic safety type of protection "ic" systems to any other circuit. Separate intrinsic safety type of protection "ic" systems shall be installed in accord- ance with one of the following:
a. In separate cables
b. In multiconductor cables where the conductors of cach circuit are within a grounded metal shield
c. In multiconductor cables where the conductors of cach circuit have insulation with a minimum thick- ness of 0.25 mm (0.01 in.)
Informational Note No. 2: See Article 100 for the defini- tion of simple apparatus.
(8) Optical fiber cable of Type OFNP, Type OFCP, Typc OFNR, Type OFCR, Type OFNG, Type OFCG, Typc OFN, or Type OFC installed in cable trays or any other raceway in accordance with 505.15(C). Optical fiber cable shall be scaled in accordance with 505.16.
(9) Cablebus.
(10) In restricted industrial establishments, listed Type P cable with or without metal braid armorand an overall jacket. Type P cable shall be terminated with fittings listed for the location and installed in accordance with Part II of Article 337.
Informational Note No. 3: See UL. 1309A, Outline of Inves- tigation for Cable for Use in Mobile Installations, for inforna- tion on construction, testing, and marking of Type P cable.
Informational Note No. 4: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable-Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cable fittings.
(2) Flexible Connections. Where flexibility is necessary to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment during operation or to allow for movement after installation during maintenance, one or more of the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
(1) Listed flexible metal fittings
(2) Flexible metal conduit with listed fittings
(3) Interlocked armor Type MC cable with listed fittings
(4) Typc P cable
(5) Type TC-ER or Type TC-ER-HL cable
(6) Type ITC-ER or Type ITC-HL cable
(7) Typc PLTC-ER cable
(8) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit with listed fittings
(9) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit with listed fittings
(10) Flexible cord in accordance with 505.17, terminated with a listed cord connector that maintains the type of protection of the terminal compartment
(11) For elevator use, an identified elevator cable of Type EO, Type ETP, or Type ETT, shown under the "usc" column in Table 400.4 for "hazardous (classified) locations" and terminated with listed fittings
If flexible conduit is used, it shall be grounded in accord- ance with 505.30(A) and bonded in accordance with 505.30(B).
505.16 Sealing and Drainage. Scals in conduit and cable systems shall comply with 505.16(A) through (E). Scaling compound shall be used in Type MI cable termination fittings to exclude moisture and other fluids from the cable insulation.
Informational Note No. 1: See 505.16(C)(2)(c). Seals are provi- ded in conduit and cable systems to minimize the passage of gases and vapors and prevent the passage of flames from one portion of the electrical installation to another through the conduit. Such communication through Type MI cable is inher- ently prevented by construction of the cable. Unless specifically designed and tested for the purpose, conduit and cable seals are not intended to prevent the passage of liquids, gases, or vapors at a continuous pressure differential across the seal. Even at differences in pressure across the seal equivalent to a few inches of water, there might be a slow passage of gas or vapor through a seal and through conductors passing through the seal.
Informational Note No. 2: See 505.16(D) (2). Temperature extremes and highly corrosive liquids and vapors can affect the ability of seals to perfonn their intended function.
Informational Note No. 3: Gas or vapor leakage and propaga- tion of flames might occur through the interstices between the strands of standard stranded conductors larger than 2 AWG. Special conductor constructions, for example, compacted strands or sealing of the individual strands, are means of reduc- ing leakage and preventing the propagation of flames.
(A) Zone 0. In Zone 0 locations, scals shall be located accord- ing to 505.16(A)(1), (A) (2), and (A) (3).
(1) Conduit Seals. Scals shall be provided within 3.05 m (10 ft) of where a conduit leaves a Zone 0 location. There shall be no unions, couplings, boxes, or fittings, except listed reduc- crs at the scal, in the conduit run between the scal and the point at which the conduit leaves the location.
Exception: A rigid unbroken conduit that passes completely through the Zone O loration with no fittings less than 300 mm (12 in.) beyond each boundary shall not be required to be sealed if the termination points of the unbroken conduit are in unclassified locations.
(2) Cable Seals. Scals shall be provided on cables at the first point of termination after entry into the Zone 0 location.
(3) Not Required to Be Explosionproof or Flameproof. Scals shall not be required to be explosionproof or flameproof.
(B) Zone 1. In Zone 1 locations, scals shall be located in accordance with 505.16(B) (1) through (B)(8).
(1) Type of Protection "d", "db", "e", or "eb" Enclosures. Conduit scals shall be provided within 50 mm (2 in.) for cach conduit entering enclosures having type of protection "d", "db", "c", or "cb".
Exception No. 1: Where the enclosure having type of protection "d" or "db" is marked to indicate that a seal is not required.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-425
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
505.16
ARTICLE 505 - ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
Exception No. 2: For type of protection "e" or "eb", conduit and fittings employing only NPT to NPT raceway joints or fittings listed for type of protection "e" or "eb" shall be permitted between the enclosure and the seal, and the seal shall not be required to be within 50 mm (2 in.) of the entry.
Informational Note: Examples of fittings employing other than NPT threads include conduit couplings, capped elbows, unions, and breather drains.
Exception No. 3: For conduit installed between type of protection "e" or "eb" enclosures employing only NPT to NPT raceway joints or conduit fittings listed for type of protection "e" or "eb", a seal shall not be required.
(2) Explosionproof Equipment. Conduit scals shall be provi- ded for cach conduit entering explosionproof equipment according to 505.16(B) (2) (a), (B) (2) (b), and (B) (2) (c).
(a) In cach conduit entry into an explosionproof enclo- sure where either of the following conditions apply:
(1) The enclosure contains apparatus, such as switches, circuit breakers, fuses, relays, or resistors that may produce arcs, sparks, or high temperatures that are considered to be an ignition source in normal operation. For the purposes of this section, high temperatures shall be considered to be any temperatures exceeding 80 percent of the autoignition temperature in degrees Celsius of the gas or vapor involved.
Exception: Seals shall not be required for conduit entering an enclosure where such switches, circuit breakers, fuses, relays, or resistors comply with one of the following:
(1) Are enclosed within a chamber hermetically sealed against the entrance of gases or vapors.
(2) Are immersed in oil.
(3) Are enclosed within an enclosure, identified for the location, and marked "Leads Factory Sealed," "Factory Sealed, " "Seal not Required, " or equivalent.
(2) The entry is metric designator 53 (trade size 2) or larger and the enclosure contains terminals, splices, or taps.
An enclosure, identified for the location, and marked "Leads Factory Scaled," or "Factory Scaled," Scal not Required," or equivalent shall not be considered to serve as a scal for another adjacent explosionproof enclosure that is required to have a conduit scal.
(b) Conduit scals shall be installed within 450 mm (18 in.) from the enclosure. Only threaded couplings, or explo- sionproof fittings such as unions, reducers, elbows, and capped elbows that are not larger than the trade size of the conduit, shall be permitted between the scaling fitting and the explo- sionproof enclosure.
(c) Where two or more explosionproof enclosures for which conduit scals are required under 505.16(B)(2) arc connected by nipples or by runs of conduit not more than 900 mm (36 in.) long, a single conduit scal in cach such nipple connection or run of conduit shall be considered sufficient if located not more than 450 mm (18 in.) from cither enclosure.
(3) Pressurized Enclosures and Pressurized Rooms. Conduit scals shall be provided in cach conduit entry into a pressurized enclosure or pressurized room where the conduit is not pres- surized as part of the protection system. Conduit scals shall be installed within 450 mm (18 in.) from the pressurized enclo- sure or pressurized room.
Informational Note No. 1: Installing the seal as close as possible to the enclosure reduces problems with purging the dead airspace in the pressurized conduit.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 496, Standard for Purged and Pressurized Enclosures for Electrical Equipment, for information on pressurized equipment.
Informational Note No. 3: See UL 60079-13, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 13: Equipment Protection by Pressurized Room "p" and Artifi- cially Ventilated Room "v", for additional information.
(4) Zone 1 Boundary. Conduit scals shall be provided in cach conduit run leaving a Zone 1 location. The scaling fitting shall be permitted on cither side of the boundary of such location within 3.05 m (10 ft) of the boundary and shall be designed and installed so as to minimize the amount of gas or vapor within the Zone 1 portion of the conduit from being communi- cated to the conduit beyond the scal. Except for listed explo- sionproof reducers at the conduit scal, there shall be no union, coupling, box, or fitting between the conduit scal and the point at which the conduit leaves the Zone 1 location.
Exception: Metal conduit containing no unions, couplings, boxes, or fittings and passing completely through a Zone 1 location with no fittings less than 300 min (12 in.) beyond each boundary shall not require a conduit seal if the termination points of the unbroken conduit are in unclassified locations.
(5) Cables Capable of Transmitting Gases or Vapors. Conduits containing cables with a gas/vaportight continuous sheath capable of transmitting gases or vapors through the cable core shall be scaled in the Zone 1 location after removing the jacket and any other coverings so that the scaling compound surrounds cach individual insulated conductor or optical fiber tube and the outer jacket.
Exception: Multiconductor cables with a gas/vaportight continuous sheath capable of transmitting gases or vapors through the cable core shall be permitted to be considered as a single conductor by sealing the cable in the conduit within 450 mm (18 in.) of the enclosure and the cable end within the enclosure by an approved means to minimize the entrance of gases or vapors and prevent the jnopagation of flame into the cable core, or by other approved methods. For shielded cables and twisted pair cables, it shall not be required to remove the shielding mate- rial or separate the twisted pair.
(6) Cables Incapable of Transmitting Gases or Vapors. Each multiconductor or optical multifiber cable in conduit shall be considered as a single conductor or single optical fiber tube if the cable is incapable of transmitting gases or vapors through the cable corc. These cables shall be scaled in accordance with 505.16(D).
(7) Cables Entering Enclosures. Cable scals shall be provided for cach cable entering flameproof or explosionproof enclo- surcs. The scal shall comply with 505.16(D).
(8) Zone 1 Boundary. Cables shall be scaled at the point at which they leave the Zone 1 location.
Exception: Where cable is sealed at the termination point.
(C) Zone 2. In Zone 2 locations, scals shall be installed in accordance with 505.16(C) (1) and (C) (2).
(1) Conduit Seals. Conduit scals shall be provided in accord- ance with 505.16(C) (1) (a) through (C) (1) (f).
(a) Flamejnoof and Explosionproof Enclosures. Conduit scals shall be required for connections to enclosures that are
70-426
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
505.16
required to be flameproof or explosionproof, in accordance with 505.16(B) (1) and (B) (2). All portions of the conduit run or nipple between the scal and enclosure shall comply with 505.16(B).
(b) Conduits Between Zone 2 and Unclassified Locations. Conduit scals shall be required in cach conduit run passing from a Zone 2 location into an unclassified location. The conduit scals and conduit run shall comply with all the follow- ing:
(1) The scaling fitting shall be permitted on either side of the boundary of the location within 3.05 m (10 ft) of the boundary.
(2) The scaling fitting shall be designed and installed to mini- mize the amount of gas or vapor within the Zone 2 portion of the conduit from being communicated to the conduit beyond the scal.
(3) Threaded rigid metal conduit (RMC) or threaded inter- mediate metal conduit (IMC) shall be used between the scaling fitting and the point at which the conduit leaves the Zone 2 location, and a threaded connection shall be used at the scaling fitting.
(4) There shall be no union, coupling, box, or fitting between the conduit scal and the point at which the conduit leaves the Zone 2 location except for listed explo- sionproof reducers at the conduit scal.
(5) Conduits shall be scaled to minimize the amount of gas or vapor within the Zone 2 portion of the conduit from being communicated to the conduit beyond the scal.
(6) Such scals shall not be required to be flameproof or explosionproof but shall be identified for the purpose of minimizing passage of gases under normal operating conditions and shall be accessible.
(c) Conduits Passing Through a Zone 2 Location. Mictal conduit containing no unions, couplings, boxes, or fittings and passing completely through a Zone 2 location with no fittings less than 300 mm (12 in.) beyond cach boundary shall not be required to be scaled if the termination points of the unbroken conduit are in unclassified locations.
(d) Conduit Systems Ending in an Unclassified Location. Conduit systems terminating in an unclassified location where a wiring method transition is made to cable tray, cablebus, ventilated busway, Type MI cable, or cable that is not installed in a raceway or cable tray system shall not be required to be scaled where passing from the Zone 2 location into the unclas- sified location. The unclassified location shall be outdoors or, if the conduit system is all in one room, it shall be permitted to be indoors. The conduits shall not terminate at an enclosure containing an ignition source in normal operation.
(c) Pressurized Enclosures or Pressurized Rooms. Conduit systems passing from enclosures or rooms that permit general- purpose equipment as a result of pressurization into a Zone 2 location shall not require a scal at the boundary.
Infonnational Note: See NFPA 496, Standard for Purged and Pros- surized Enclosures for Electrical Equipment, for information on purged and pressurized equipment.
(f) Outdoor Conduit System Segments. Segments of above- ground conduit systems shall not be required to be scaled where passing from a Zone 2 location into an unclassified loca- tion if all the following conditions are met:
(1) The conduit system segment shall not pass through a Zone 0 or Zone 1 location where the conduit contains unions, couplings, boxes, or fittings within 300 mm (12 in.) of the Zone 0 or Zone 1 location.
(2) The conduit system segment shall be located entirely in an outdoor location.
(3) The conduit system segment shall not be directly connec- ted to canned pumps, process or service connections for flow, pressure, or analysis measurement, and so forth, that depend on a single compression scal, diaphragm, or tube to prevent flammable or combustible fluids from entering the conduit system.
(4) The conduit system segment shall only have threaded rigid metal conduit (RMC) and threaded intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with threaded unions, couplings, conduit bodies, and fittings in the unclassified location.
(5) The conduit system segment shall be scaled at its entry to cach enclosure or fitting housing terminals, splices, or taps in Zone 2 locations.
(2) Cable Seals. Cable scals shall be installed in accordance with 505.16(C) (2) (a) through (C) (2) (c).
(a) Explosionproof and Flameproof Enclosures. Cables enter- ing enclosures required to be flameproof or explosionproof shall be scaled at the point of entrance. The scal shall comply with 505.16(D). Multiconductor or optical multifiber cables with a gas/vaportight continuous sheath capable of transmit- ting gases or vapors through the cable core shall be scaled in the Zone 2 location after removing the jacket and any other coverings so that the scaling compound surrounds cach indi- vidual insulated conductor or optical fiber tube to minimize the passage of gases and vapors. Multiconductor or optical multifiber cables in conduit shall be scaled as described in 505.16(B) (4).
Exception No. 1: Cables passing from an enclosure or room that is unclassified as a result of Type Z pressurization into a Zone 2 location shall not require a seal at the boundary.
Exception No. 2: Shielded cables and twisted pair cables shall not require removal of the shielding material or separation of the twisted pairs if the termination is by an approved means to minimize the entrance of gases or vapors and prevent propagation of flame into the cable core.
(b) Restricted Breathing Enclosures "nR". Cables entering restricted breathing enclosures required to be restricted breathing shall be scaled at the point of entrance into the enclosure. These scals shall be installed in accordance with 505.16(D). Multiconductor cables or multifiber optical fiber cables with a gas/vaportight continuous shcath capable of transmitting gases or vapors through the cable core shall be scaled in the Zone 2 location. The jacket and any other cover- ings shall be removed to allow the scaling compound to surround cach individual insulated conductor or optical fiber tube to minimize the passage of gases and vapors. Multiconduc- tor cables or optical fiber cables in conduit shall be scaled as described in 505.16(C) (1) (b).
Exception No. 1: Cables passing from an enclosure or room that is unclassified as a result of Type Z pressurization into a Zone 2 location shall not require a seal at the boundary.
Exception No. 2: Shielded cables and twisted pair cables terminated with fittings listed for the location shall not require removal of the shielding material or separation of the twisted pairs.
(c) Cables That Will Not Transmit Gases or Vapors. Cables with a gas/vaportight continuous sheath that will not transmit gases or vapors through the cable core in excess of the quantity permitted for scal fittings shall not be required to be scaled
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-427
505.16
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
except as required in 505.16(C) (2) (b). The minimum length of such cable run shall not be less than the length that limits gas or vapor flow through the cable core to the rate permitted for scal fittings [200 cm3/hr (0.007 ft3/hr) of air at a pressure of 1500 pascals (6 in. of water) J.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for further infor- mation on construction, testing, and marking of cables, cable fittings, and cord connectors.
Informational Note No. 2: The cable core does not include the interstices of the conductor strands.
(d) Cables Capable of Transmitting Gases or Vapors. Cables with a gas/vaportight continuous sheath capable of transmit- ting gases or vapors through the cable core shall not be required to be scaled except as required in 505.16(C) (2) (b), unless the cable is attached to process equipment or devices that might cause a pressure in excess of 1500 pascals (6 in. of water) to be exerted at a cable end, in which case a scal, barrier, or other means shall be provided to prevent migration of flammables into an unclassified arca.
Exception: Cables with an unbroken gas/vaportight continuous sheath shall be permitted to pass through a Zone 2 location without seals.
(c) Cables Without a Gas/Vaportight Continuous Sheath. Cables that do not have a gas/vaportight continuous sheath shall be scaled at the boundary of the Zone 2 and unclassified location to minimize the passage of gases or vapors into an unclassified location.
Informational Note: The cable sheath can be either metal or a nonmetallic material.
(D) Zones 0, 1, and 2. Where required, scals in Zones 0, 1, and 2 locations shall comply with 505.16(D) (1) through (D) (5).
(1) Fittings. Enclosures for connections or equipment shall be provided with an integral means for scaling, or scaling fittings listed for the location shall be used. Scaling fittings shall be listed for use with one or more specific compounds and shall be accessible.
(2) Compound. The compound shall provide a scal against passage of gas or vapors through the scal fitting, shall not be affected by the surrounding atmosphere or liquids, and shall not have a melting point less than 93° (200°F).
(3) Thickness of Compounds. In a completed scal, the mini- mum thickness of the scaling compound shall not be less than the trade size of the scaling fitting and, in no casc, less than 16 mm (% in.).
Exception: Listed cable sealing fittings shall not be required to have a minimum thickness equal to the trade size of the fitting.
(4) Splices and Taps. Splices and taps shall not be made in fittings intended only for scaling with compound, nor shall other fittings in which splices or taps are made be filled with compound.
(5) Conductor or Optical Fiber Fill. The cross-sectional arca of the conductors or optical fiber tubes (metallic or nonmetal- lic) permitted in a scal shall not exceed 25 percent of the cross- sectional arca of a rigid metal conduit of the same trade size unless it is specifically listed for a higher percentage of fill.
(E) Drainage.
(1) Control Equipment. Where there is a probability that liquid or other condensed vapor may be trapped within enclo- sures for control equipment or at any point in the raceway system, approved means shall be provided to prevent accumula- tion or to permit periodic draining of such liquid or condensed vapor.
(2) Motors and Generators. Where liquid or condensed vapor may accumulate within motors or generators, joints and conduit systems shall be arranged to minimize entrance of liquid. If means to prevent accumulation or to permit periodic draining are necessary, such means shall be provided at the time of manufacture and shall be considered an integral part of the machine.
505.17 Flexible Cables, Cords and Connections.
(A) Flexible Cords, Zone 1 and Zone 2. A flexible cord shall be permitted for connection between portable lighting equip- ment or other portable utilization equipment and the fixed portion of their supply circuit. Flexible cord shall also be permitted in restricted industrial establishments for any segment of the circuit where installation of one of the fixed wiring methods of 505.15(B) and (C) will not provide the flexi- bility needed to minimize the transmission of vibration from equipment during operation or to allow for movement after installation during maintenance operations. The flexible cord shall be protected against physical damage and be continuous for the entire length of the cord from equipment connection to equipment connection. Where flexible cords are used, the cords shall comply with the following:
(1) Be of a type listed for extra-hard usage
(2) Contain, in addition to the conductors of the circuit, an equipment grounding conductor complying with 400.23
(3) Be connected to terminals or to supply conductors in an approved manner
(4) Be supported by clamps or by other suitable means in such a manner that there will be no tension on the termi- nal connections
(5) Where the flexible cord enters boxes, fittings, or enclo- sures that are required to be explosionproof or flame- proof, be terminated with a listed cord connector that maintains the type of protection
(6) Where entering an increased safety "c" enclosure, bc terminated with a listed increased safety "c" cord connec- tor
Informational Note No. 1: See 400.10 for pennitted uses of flexi- ble cords.
Informational Note No. 2: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment fas applied to hazardous (classified) locations).
Electric submersible pumps with means for removal without entering the wet-pit shall be considered portable utilization equipment. The extension of the flexible cord within a suitable raceway between the wet-pit and the power source shall be permitted.
Electric mixers intended for travel into and out of open-type mixing tanks or vats shall be considered portable utilization equipment.
Infonnational Note No. 3: See 505.18 for flexible cords exposed to liquids having a deleterious effect on the conductor insula- tion.
70-428
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
505.20
ARTICLE 505 -ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
(B) Instrumentation Connections for Zone 2. To facilitate replacements, process control instruments shall be permitted to be connected through flexible cords, attachment plugs, and receptacles, provided that all of the following conditions apply:
(1) A switch listed for Zone 2 is provided so that the attach- ment plug is not depended on to interrupt current, unless the circuit is type "ia," "ib," or "ic" protection, in which case the switch is not required.
(2) The current does not exceed 3 amperes at 120 volts, nominal.
(3) The power-supply cord does not exceed 900 mm (3 ft), is of a type listed for extra-hard usage or for hard usage if protected by location, and is supplied through an attach- ment plug and receptacle of the locking and grounding typc.
(4) Only necessary receptacles are provided.
(5) The receptacle carries a label warning against unplugging under load.
505.18 Conductors and Conductor Insulation.
(A) Conductors. For type of protection "c," field wiring conductors shall be copper. Every conductor (including sparcs) that enters Type "c" equipment shall be terminated at a Type "c" terminal.
(B) Conductor Insulation. Where condensed vapors or liquids may collect on, or come in contact with, the insulation on conductors, such insulation shall be of a type identified for use under such conditions, or the insulation shall be protected by a sheath of lead or by other approved means.
505.19 Uninsulated Exposed Parts. There shall be no uninsu- lated exposed parts, such as electrical conductors, buses, termi- nals, or components, that operate at more than 30 volts (15 volts in wet locations). These parts shall additionally be protected by type of protection "ia", "ib", or "ic" that is suitable for the location.
505.20 Equipment Requirements.
(A) Zone 0. In Zone 0 locations, only equipment specifically listed and marked as suitable for the location shall be permit- ted.
Exception: Intrinsically safe apparatus listed for use in Class I, Divi- sion 1 locations for the same gas, or as permitted by 505.9(B)(2), and with a suitable temperature class shall be permitted.
(B) Zone 1. In Zone 1 locations, only equipment specifically listed and marked as suitable for the location shall be permit- tcd.
Exception No. 1: Equipment identified for use in Class I, Division 1 or listed for use in Zone O locations for the same gas, or as permitted by 505.9(B)(2), and with a suitable temperature class shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: Equipment identified for Zone 1 or Zone 2 type of protection "p" shall be permitted.
(C) Zone 2. In Zone 2 locations, only equipment specifically listed and marked as suitable for the location shall be permit- ted.
Exception No. 1: Equipment listed for use in Zone O or Zone 1 locations for the same gas, or as permitted by 505.9(B)(2), and with a suitable temperature class shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: Equipment identified for Zone 1 or Zone 2 type of protection "p" shall be permitted.
Exception No. 3: Equipment identified for use in Class I, Division 1 or Division 2 locations for the same gas, or as permitted by 505.9(B)(2), and with a suitable temperature class shall be permitted.
Exception No. 4: In Zone 2 locations, the installation of open or nonex- plosionproof or nonflameproof enclosed motors such as squinel-cage induction motors without brushes, switching mechanisms, or similar arc-producing devices that are not identified for use in a Zone 2 loca- tion shall be permitted.
Exception No. 5: The exposed surface of space heaters used to reduce condensation of moisture during shutdown periods shall not exceed 80 percent of the autoignition temperature in degrees Celsius of the gas or vapor involved when operated at rated voltage, and the maximum space heater surface temperature [based on a 40 or higher marked ambient ] shall be permanently marked on a visible nameplate mounted on the motor. Otherwise, space heaters shall be identified for Class I, Division 2 01 Zone 2 locations.
Exception No. 6: A sliding contact shaft bonding device used for the purpose of maintaining the rotor at ground potential shall be permitted where the potential discharge energy is determined to be nonincendive for the application. The shaft bonding device shall be permitted to be installed on the inside or the outside of the motor.
Informational Note No. 1: It is important to consider the temperature of internal and external surfaces that might be exposed to the flammable atmosphere.
Informational Note No. 2: It is important to consider the risk of ignition due to currents arcing across discontinuities and over- heating of parts in multisection enclosures of large motors and generators. Such motors and generators might need equipoten- tial bonding jumpers across joints in the enclosure and from enclosure to ground. Where the presence of ignitible gases or vapors is suspected, clean air purging might be needed immedi- ately prior to and during start-up period.s.
Informational Note No. 3: See IEEE STD 1349, IEEE Guide for the Application of Electric Machines in Zone 2 and Class I, Division 2 Hazardous (Classified) Lorations, for information on the applica- tion of rotating electric machines including shaft bonding devi- ces and potential discharge energy calculations.
(D) Materials. Equipment marked Group IIC shall be permit- ted for applications requiring Group IIA or Group IIB cquip- ment. Similarly, cquipment marked Group IIB shall bc permitted for applications requiring Group IIA cquipment.
Equipment marked for a specific gas or vapor shall be permitted for applications where the specific gas or vapor may be encountered.
Informational Note: One common example combines these markings with equipment marked IIB +H2. This equipment is suitable for applications requiring Group ILA equipment, Group IIB equipment, or equipment for hydrogen atmospheres.
(E) Manufacturer's Instructions. Electrical equipment installed in hazardous (classified) locations shall be installed in accordance with the instructions (if any) provided by the manufacturer.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-429
505.22
ARTICLE 505 - ZONE 0, 1, AND 2 LOCATIONS
505.22 Increased Safety "e" Motors and Generators. In Zonc 1 locations, increased safety "c" motors and generators of all voltage ratings shall be listed for Zone 1 locations, and shall comply with all of the following:
(1) Motors shall be marked with the current ratio, 14/11, and timc, tp
(2) Motors shall have controllers marked with the model or identification number, output rating (horsepower or kilo- watt), full-load amperes, starting current ratio (I,/Ix), and time (4) of the motors that they are intended to protect; the controller marking shall also include the specific overload protection type (and setting, if applica- ble) that is listed with the motor or generator.
(3) Connections shall be made with the specific terminals listed with the motor or generator.
(4) Terminal housings shall be permitted to be of substantial, nonmetallic, nonburning material, provided an internal grounding means between the motor frame and the equipment grounding connection is incorporated within the housing.
(5) The provisions of Part III of Article 430 shall apply regardless of the voltage rating of the motor.
(6) The motors shall be protected against overload by a sepa- rate overload device that is responsive to motor current. This device shall be selected to trip or shall be rated in accordance with the listing of the motor and its overload protection.
(7) Sections 430.32(C) and 430.44 shall not apply to such motors.
(8) The motor overload protection shall not be shunted or cut out during the starting period.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 122001, General Requirements for Electrical Ignition Systems for Internal Combustion Engines in Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on ignition systems for reciprocating engines instal- led in Zone 2 hazardous (classified) locations. Reciprocating engine-driven generators, compressors, and other equipment installed in Zone 2 locations might present a risk of ignition of flammable materials associated with fuel, starting, and compres- sion due to inadvertent release or equipment malfunction by the engine ignition system and controls.
505.26 Process Sealing. Process-connected equipment includ- ing, but not limited to, canned pumps, submersible pumps, and flow, pressure, temperature, or analysis measurement instruments shall be scaled with a process scal to prevent the migration of process fluids from the designed containment into the external electrical system. Process-connected electrical equipment that incorporates a single process scal, such as a single compression scal, diaphragm, or tube to prevent flam- mable or combustible fluids from entering a conduit or cable system capable of transmitting fluids, shall be provided with an additional means to mitigate a single process scal failure. The additional means might include, but is not limited to, the following:
(1) A suitable barrier meeting the process temperature and pressure conditions to which the barrier is subjected upon failure of the single process scal. There shall be a vent or drain between the single process scal and the suit- able barrier. Indication of the single process scal failure shall be provided by visible leakage, an audible whistle, or other means of monitoring.
(2) A listed Type MI cable assembly, rated at not less than 125 percent of the process pressure and not less than 125 percent of the maximum process temperature (in
degrees Celsius), installed between the cable or conduit and the single process scal.
(3) A drain or vent located between the single process scal and a conduit or cable scal. The drain or vent shall be sufficiently sized to prevent overpressuring the conduit or cable scal above 6 in. water column (1493 Pa). Indication of the single process scal failure shall be provided by visi- ble leakage, an audible whistle, or other means of moni- toring.
(4) An add-on secondary scal marked "secondary scal" and rated for the pressure and temperature conditions to which it will be subjected upon failure of the single proc- css scal.
Process-connected electrical equipment that does not rely on a single process scal or is listed and marked "single scal", "dual scal", or "dual scal without annunciation" shall not be required to be provided with an additional means of scaling.
Process-connected electrical equipment marked "single scal - install conduit or cable seal" shall be scaled in accordance with 505.16.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 122701, Requirements for Pror- ess Sealing Between Electrical Systems and Flammable or Combustible Process Fluids, for construction and testing requirements for process sealing of listed and marked single seal, dual seal, or secondary seal equipment.
505.30 Grounding and Bonding. Regardless of the voltage of the electrical system, wiring systems and equipment shall comply with 505.30(A) and (B).
(A) Grounding. Wiring systems and equipment shall be groun- ded in accordance with Part I and Part VI of Article 250, as applicable.
(B) Bonding. Wiring systems and equipment shall be bonded in accordance with Part I and Part V of Article 250, as applica- blc, and 505.30(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Specific Bonding Means. Bonding shall comply with 505.30(B) (1) (a) and (B) (1)(b).
(a) The locknut-bushing and double-locknut types of contacts shall not be depended on for bonding purposes, but bonding jumpers with identified fittings or other approved means of bonding shall be used. These bonding means shall apply to all metal raccways, fittings, boxes, cable trays, and enclosures, and other parts of raceway systems between hazard- ous (classified) locations and the point of grounding for serv- ice equipment or point of grounding for a separately derived system. Mctal struts, angles, or channels provided for support and mechanical or physical protection as permitted in 335.4(5), 336.10(7)(c), or 722.135(C) shall be bonded in accordance with 250.102.
(b) Where the branch-circuit overcurrent protection is located on the load side of the disconnecting means, the specific bonding means shall be permitted to end at the near- cst point where the grounded circuit conductor and the grounding electrode conductor are connected together on the line side of the building or structure disconnecting means as specified in 250.32(B).
(2) Flexible Metal Conduit and Liquidtight Flexible Metal Conduit. Flexible metal conduit and liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall comply with 505.30(B) (2) (a) and (B) (2) (b).
70-430
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 506 -ZONE 20, 21, & 22 LOCATIONS FOR COMBUSTIBLE DUSTS OR IGNITIBLE FIBERS/FLYINGS
506.5
(a) Flexible metal conduit and liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall include an equipment bonding jumper of the wire type in accordance with 250.102.
(b) In Zone 2 locations, the bonding jumper shall not be required where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Listed liquidtight flexible metal conduit 1.8 m (6 ft) or less in length, with fittings listed for grounding, is used.
(2) Overcurrent protection in the circuit is limited to 10 amperes or less.
(3) The load is part of a meter, instrument, or relay circuit.
ARTICLE 506 Zone 20, 21, and 22 Locations for Combustible Dusts or Ignitible Fibers/ Flyings
506.1 Scope.
(A) Covered. This article covers the requirements for the zone classification system for electrical and electronic equipment and wiring for all voltages where fire and explosion hazards might cxist due to combustible dusts, combustible fibers/ flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings for the following:
(1) Zone 20 hazardous (classified) locations
(2) Zone 21 hazardous (classified) locations
(3) Zone 22 hazardous (classified) locations
Informational Note No. 1: See 505.20 or 505.22 for Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 hazardous (classified) locations where fire or explosion hazards might exist due to flammable gases, flamma- ble vapors, or flammable liquid.s.
Informational Note No. 2: Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 area classifications are based on the modified IEC area classification system as defined in ANSI/ISA 60079-10-2 (12.10.05), Explosive Atmospheres - Part 10-2: Classification of Areas - Combustible Dust Atmospheres.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 499, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Combustible Dusts and of Hazardous (Classi- "fied) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process Arras, for information regarding classification of hazardous (classified) locations using Zone methodology.
(B) Not Covered. This article does not cover electrical and electronic equipment and wiring of all voltages in the follow- ing:
(1) Class I, Class II, or Class III, Division 1 or Division 2 hazardous (classificd) locations.
(2) Zone 0, Zone 1, or Zone 2 hazardous (classified) loca- tions.
(3) Locations subject to the unique risk and explosion hazards associated with explosives, pyrotechnics, or blast- ing agents.
(4) Locations where pyrophoric materials are the only mate- rials used or handled.
(5) Features of equipment that involve nonelectrical poten- tial sources of ignition (c.g., couplings, pumps, gcar- boxes, brakes, hydraulic and pneumatic motors, fan, cnginc, compressor).
Informational Note No. 1: Common nonelectrical potential sources of ignition include hot surfaces and mechanically gener- ated sparks.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 80079-36, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 36: Non-Electrical Equipment for Explosive Atmos- pheres - Basir Method and Requirements, and ANSI/UL 80079-37, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 37: Non-Electrical Equipment for Explo- sive Atmospheres - Non-Electrical Type of Protection Constructional Safety "c" Control of Ignition Sourre "b", Liquid Immersion "k", for additional information.
506.4 Documentation. Arcas designated as hazardous (classi- ficd) or unclassified locations shall be documented on an arca classification drawing and other associated documentation. This documentation shall be made available to the AHJ and to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, or oper- ate electrical equipment.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 28: Protection of equipment and transmission systems using optical radiation, for information concerning the installation of equipment using optical emissions technology (such as laser equipment) that could potentially become an igni- tion source in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 2: See IEC/IEEE 60079-30-2, Explosive atmospheres - Part 30-2: Electrical Resistance Trare Heating - Appli- cation Guide for Design, Installation and Maintenance, for informa- tion on electrical resistance trace heating for hazardous (classified) locations.
Inforinational Note No. 3: See IEEE 844.2/CSA C293.2, JEFE/CSA Standard for Skin E,ffert Trare Heating of Pipelines, Vessels, Equipment, and Structures - Application Guide for Design, Installa- tion, Testing, Commissioning, and Maintenance, for information on electric skin effect trace heating for hazardous (classified) loca- tions.
Informational Note No. 4: See IEEE 844.4/CSA C293.4, IEEE/CSA Standard for Impedance Heating of Pipelines and Equip- ment - Application Guide for Design, Installation, Testing, Commis- sioning, and Maintenance, for information on electric impedance heating for hazardous (classified) locations.
506.5 Classification of Locations.
(A) Classifications of Locations. Locations shall be classified on the basis of the properties of the combustible dust,combus- tible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings that might be present, and the likelihood that a combustible or ignitible concentration or quantity is present. Each room, section, or arca shall be considered individually in determining its classifi- cation.
(B) Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 Locations. Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 locations are those in which combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings arc or might be present in the air or in layers, in quantities suffi- cient to produce explosible or ignitible mixtures. Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 locations shall include those specified in 506.5(B)(1), (B)(2), and (B)(3).
Informational Note: Through the exercise of ingenuity in the layout of electrical installations for hazardous (classified) loca- tions, it is frequently possible to locate much of the equipment in a reduced level of classification to reduce the amount of special equipment required.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-431
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
506.5
ARTICLE 506 -ZONE 20, 21, & 22 LOCATIONS FOR COMBUSTIBLE DUSTS OR IGNITIBLE FIBERS/FLYINGS
(1) Zone 20. A Zone 20 location is a location where one of the following apply:
(1) Ignitible concentrations of combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings are present continuously or for long periods of time.
(2) Group IIIC combustible dusts are present in hazardous quantities continuously or for long periods of time.
(2) Zone 21. A Zone 21 location is a location where one of the following apply:
(1) Ignitible concentrations of combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings are likely to exist occasionally under normal operating conditions.
(2) Ignitible concentrations of combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings might cxist frequently because of repair or maintenance operations or because of leakage.
(3) Equipment is operated or processes are carried on of such a nature that equipment breakdown or faulty opera- tions could result in the release of ignitible concentra- tions of combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings and also cause simultancous fail- ure of electrical equipment in a mode to cause the electri- cal equipment to become a source of ignition.
(4) The location is adjacent to a Zone 20 location from which ignitible concentrations of combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings could be commu- nicated.
Exception: When communication from an adjacent Zone 20 location is minimized by adequate positive pressure ventilation from a source of clean air, and effective safeguards against ventilation failure are provi- ded.
(5) Group IIIC combustible dusts are present in hazardous quantities occasionally, under normal or abnormal oper- ating conditions, or frequently because of repair or main- tenance operations or because of leakage.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/ISA 60079-10-2 (12.10.03), Explosive Atmospheres - Part 10-2: Classification of Arras - Combus- tible Dust Atmospheres, regarding the classification of Zone 21 locations.
Informational Note No. 2: This classification usually includes the following:
(1) Locations outside dust containment and in the immediate vicinity of access doors subject to frequent removal or opening for operation purposes when internal combusti- ble mixtures are present
(2) Locations outside dust containment in the proximity of filling and emptying points, feed belts, sampling points, truck dump stations, belt dump over points, and so on, where no measures are employed to prevent the forma- tion of combustible mixtures
(3) Locations outside dust containment where dust accumu- lates and where, due to process operations, the dust layer is likely to be disturbed and forn combustible mixtures
(4) Locations inside dust containment where explosible dust clouds are likely to occur (but neither continuously, nor for long periods, nor frequently), for example, silos (if filled and/or emptied only occasionally) and the dirty side of filters if large self-cleaning intervals are occurring
(3) Zone 22. A Zone 22 location is a location where one of the following apply:
(1) Ignitible concentrations of combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings are not likely to
occur in normal operation and, if they do occur, will only persist for a short period.
(2) Combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings are handled, processed, or used, but the dust or fibers/flyings are normally confined within closed containers of closed systems from which they can escape only as a result of the abnormal operation of the cquip- ment with which the dust or fibers/flyings are handled, processed, or used.
(3) The location is adjacent to a Zone 21 location, from which ignitible concentrations of combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings could be communicated.
Exception No. 1: When communication from an adjacent Zone 21 loca- tion is minimized by adequate positive pressure ventilation from a source of clean air, and effective safeguards against ventilation failure are provided.
Exception No. 2: For Group IIIC combustible dusts or metal combustible fibers/flyings, there shall only be Zone 20 or 21 locations.
Informational Note No. 1:See ANSI/ISA 60079-10-2 (12.10.05), Explosive Atmospheres - Part 10-2: Classification of Arras - Combus- tible Dust Atmospheres, regarding the classification of Zone 22 locations.
Informational Note No. 2: Zone 22 locations usually include the following:
(1) Outlets from bag filter vents (in the event of a malfunc- tion, there can be emission of combustible mixtures)
(2) Locations near equipment that has to be opened at infre- quent intervals or equipment that from experience can easily fonn leaks where, due to pressure above atmos- pheric, dust will blow out
(3) Pneumatic equipment or flexible connections that can become damaged
(4) Storage locations for bags containing dusty product (fail- ure of bags can occur during handling, causing dust leak- age)
(5) Locations where controllable dust layers are formed that are likely to be raised into explosible dust-air mixtures
Only if the layer is removed by cleaning before hazardous dust-air mixtures can be formed is the area designated unclassi- fied.
Informational Note No. 3: Protective measures to reduce the formation of explosible dust-air mixtures can often result in a Zone 21 location being classified as a Zone 22 location, or possi- bly unclassified. Such measures include local exhaust ventila- tion.
506.6 Material Groups. For the purposes of testing, approval, and arca classification, various air mixtures (not oxygen enriched) shall be grouped as follows:
(1) Group IIIC: Combustible metal dust, including combusti- ble metal fibers/flyings. [499:3.3.8.2.1]
(2) Group IIIB: Combustible dust other than combustible metal dust. [499:3.3.8.2.2]
(3) Group IIIA: Combustible fibers/flyings or ignitible fibers/flyings other than metal. [499:3.3.8.2.3]
Informational Note No. 1: Group IIIA materials are larger particle-size Group IIIB materials and do not include metal dust or metal fibers/flyings. [499:A.3.3.8.2.3]
Informational Note No. 2: Examples of ignitible fibers/flyings include rayon, cotton (including cotton linters and cotton waste), sisal, jute, hemp, cocoa fiber, oakum, and baled waste kapok.
70-432
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 506-ZONE 20, 21, & 22 LOCATIONS FOR COMBUSTIBLE DUSTS OR IGNITIBLE FIBERS/FLYINGS 506.9
Informational Note No. 3: Combustible fibers/flyings include flat platelet-shaped particulates, such as metal flakes, and fibrous board, such as particle board.
506.7 Special Precaution. This article shall require equipment construction and installation that ensures safe performance under conditions of proper use and maintenance.
(A) Implementation of Zone Classification System. Classifica- tion of arcas, engineering and design, selection of equipment and wiring methods, installation, and inspection shall be performed by qualified persons.
(B) Dual Classification. In instances of arcas within the same facility classified separately, Zone 22 locations shall be permit- ted to abut, but not overlap, Class II or Class III, Division 2 locations. Zone 20 or Zone 21 locations shall not abut Class II or Class III, Division 1 or Division 2 locations.
(C) Reclassification Permitted. A Class II or Class III, Divi- sion 1 or Division 2 location shall be permitted to be reclassi- ficd as a Zone 20, Zone 21, or Zone 22 locationif all of the space that is classified because of a single combustible dust, combustible fiber/flying, or ignitible fiber/flying source is reclassified under the requirements of this article.
(D) Simultaneous Presence of Flammable Gases and Combus- tible Dusts or Fibers/Flyings. Where flammable gases, combus- tible dusts, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/ flyings are or might be present at the same time, the simultane- ous presence shall be considered during the selection and installation of the electrical equipment and the wiring meth- ods, including the determination of the safe operating temper- ature of the electrical equipment.
506.8 Protection Techniques. Acceptable protection techni- ques for electrical and electronic equipment in hazardous (classified) locations shall be as described in 506.8(A) through (P).
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 120101, Definitions and Information Pertaining to Electrical Equipment in Hazardous Lora- tions; and ANSI/UL 60079-0, Explosive Atmospheres - Part 0: Equipment - General Requirements, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See Chapter 9, Table 13 for descrip- tions of subdivisions of protection techniques.
(A) Dust Ignitionproof. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(B) Pressurized. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 21 and Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(C) Intrinsic Safety. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(D) Dusttight. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(E) Protection by Encapsulation "m". This protection techni- que shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(F) Nonincendive Equipment. This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(G) Protection by Enclosure "t". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(H) Protection by Pressurized Enclosure "p". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 21 and Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(I) Protection by Intrinsic Safety "i". This protection techni- que shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 locations for which it is listed.
(J) Protection by Electrical Resistance Trace Heating "60079-30-1". This protection technique shall be permitted for electrical resistance trace heating equipment in Zone 21 or Zone 22 for which it is listed.
(K) Inherently Safe Optical Radiation "op is". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 20, 21, or 22 locations for which the equipment is identified.
(L) Protected Optical Radiation "op pr". This protection tech- nique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 21 or 22 loca- tions for which the equipment is identified.
(M) Optical System with Interlock "op sh". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 20, 21, or 22 locations for which the equipment is identified.
(N) Protection by Skin Effect Trace Heating "IEEE 844.1". This protection technique shall be permitted for skin effect trace heating equipment in Zone 21 or Zone 22 for which it is listed.
(O) Pressurized Room "p". This protection technique shall be permitted in Zone 21 and Zone 22 locations for which it is identified.
(P) Special Protection "s". This protection technique shall be permitted for equipment in Zone 20, Zone 21, or Zone 22 loca- tions for which they are listed.
506.9 Equipment Requirements.
(A) Suitability. Suitability of identified equipment shall be determined by one of the following:
(1) Equipment listing or labeling
(2) Evidence of equipment evaluation from a qualified test- ing laboratory or inspection agency concerned with prod- uct cvaluation
(3) Evidence acceptable to the authority having jurisdiction such as a manufacturer's self-evaluation or an owner's engineering judgment
Informational Note: Additional documentation for equipment might include certificates demonstrating compliance with appli- cable equipment standards, indicating special conditions of use, and other pertinent infonnation.
(B) Listing. Equipment that is listed for Zone 20 shall be permitted in a Zone 21 or Zone 22 location of the same combustible dust, combustible fiber/flying, or ignitible fiber/ flying. Equipment that is listed for Zone 21 shall be permitted in a Zone 22 location of the same combustible dust, combusti- ble fiber/flyings, or ignitible fiber/flying.
(C) Marking.
(1) Division Equipment. Equipment identified for Class II, Division 1, Class II, Division 2, Class III, Division 1, or Class III, Division 2 shall, in addition to being marked in accordance
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-433
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
506.9
ARTICLE 506 -ZONE 20, 21, & 22 LOCATIONS FOR COMBUSTIBLE DUSTS OR IGNITIBLE FIBERS/FLYINGS
with 500.8(C), be permitted to be marked with all of the follow- ing:
(1) Zone 20, 21, or 22 (as applicable)
(2) Material group in accordance with 506.6
(3) Maximum surface temperature in accordance with 506.9(D), marked as a temperature value in degrees C, preceded by "T" and followed by the symbol ""
(2) Zone Equipment. Equipment meeting one or more of the protection techniques described in 506.8 shall be marked with the following in the order shown:
(1) Zone in accordance with Chapter 9, Table 13
(2) Symbol "AEx"
(3) Protection technique(s) in accordance with Chapter 9, Table 13
(4) Material group in accordance with 506.6
(5) Maximum surface temperature in accordance with 506.9(D), marked as a temperature value in degrees Celsius, preceded by "T" and followed by the symbol "C"
(6) Ambient temperature marking in accordance with 506.9(D)
(7) Equipment protection level (EPL)
Informational Note: EPLs are designated as G for gas, or D for dust, and are then followed by a letter (a, b, or c) to give the user a better understanding as to whether the equipment provides (a) a "very high," (b) a "high," or (c) an "enhanced" level of protection against ignition of an explosive atmosphere. For example, a Zone 21 AEx pb IIIB T165 Db motor is marked with an EPL of"Db".
Exception: Associated apparatus NOT suitable for installation in a hazardous (classified) location shall be required to be marked only with 506.9(C)(2)(2) and (C)(2)(3), and where applicable (C)(2)(4), but BOT II the symbol AEx in 506.9(C)(2)(2) and the symbol for the type of protection in 506.9(C)(2)(3) shall be enclosed within the same square brackets; for example, [AEx ia] IIIC.
(D) Temperature Classifications. Equipment shall be marked to show the maximum surface temperature referenced to a 40 ambient, or at the higher marked ambient temperature if the equipment is rated and marked for an ambient tempera- ture of greater than 40. For equipment installed in a Zone 20 or Zone 21 location, the operating temperature shall be based on operation of the equipment when blanketed with the maxi- mum amount of dust (or with dust-simulating fibers/flyings) that can accumulate on the equipment. Electrical equipment designed for use in the ambient temperature range between -20 and +40 shall require no additional ambient tempera- turc marking. Electrical equipment that is designed for use in a range of ambient temperatures other than -20 and +40 is considered to be special, and the ambient temperature range shall then be marked on the equipment, including cither the symbol "Ta" or "Tamb" together with the special range of ambi- cnt temperatures.
Informational Note: As an example, such a marking might be "- 30°  Ta  +40°."
Exception No. 1: Equipment of the non-heat-producing type, such as conduit fittings, shall not be required to have a marked operating temperature.
Exception No. 2: Equipment identified for Class II, Division 1 or Class II, Division 2 locations as permitted by 506.20(B) and (C) shall be permitted to be marked in accordance with 500.8(C) and Table 500.8(C)(4).
(E) Threading. The supply connection entry thread form shall be NPT or metric. Conduit and fittings shall be made wrench- tight to prevent sparking when the fault current flows through the conduit system and to ensure the integrity of the conduit system. Equipment provided with threaded entries for field wiring connections shall be installed in accordance with 506.9(E) (1) or (E) (2) and with (E) (3).
(1) Equipment Provided with Threaded Entries for NPT- Threaded Conduit or Fittings. For equipment provided with threaded entries for NPT-threaded conduit or fittings, listed conduit fittings or listed cable fittings shall be used. All NPT- threaded conduit and fittings shall be threaded with a National (American) Standard Pipe Taper (NPT) thread.
Informational Note: See ASME B1.20.1, Pipe Threads, General Purpose (Inch), for thread specifications for NPT threads.
(2) Equipment Provided with Threaded Entries for Metric- Threaded Fittings. For cquipment with metric-threaded entries, listed conduit fittings or listed cable fittings shall be used. Such entries shall be identified as being metric, or listed adapters to permit connection to conduit or NPT-threaded fittings shall be provided with the equipment and shall be used for connection to conduit or NPT-threaded fittings. Metric- threaded fittings. installed into equipment entries shall be made up with at least five threads fully engaged.
(3) Unused Openings. All unuscd openings shall be closed with blanking clements or close-up plugs that are listed for the location and will maintain the type of protection. Thread engagement shall comply with the requirements of 506.9(E) (1) or (E) (2).
(F) Optical Fiber Cables. An optical fiber cable, with or with- out current-carrying conductors (hybrid optical fiber cable), shall be installed to address the associated fire hazard and scaled to address the associated explosion hazard in accord- ance with 506.15 and 506.16.
(G) Equipment Involving Optical Radiation. For cquipment involving sources of optical radiation (such as laser or LED sources) in the wavelength range from 380 nm to 10 pm, the risk of ignition from optical radiation shall be considered for all electrical parts and circuits that might be exposed to the radiation, both inside and outside the optical equipment. This includes optical equipment, which itself is located outside the explosive atmosphere but its emitted optical radiation enters such atmospheres.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 60079-28, Explosive Atmos- phores - Part 28: Protection of Equipment and Transmission Systems Using Optical Radiation, for information on types of protection that can be applied to minimize the risk of ignition in explosive atmospheres from optical radiation.
Exception: All luminaires (fixed, portable, or transportable) and hand lights intended to be supplied by mains (with or without galvanic isola- tion) or powered by batteries, with any continuous divergent light source, including LEDs, shall be excluded from this requirement.
506.15 Wiring Methods. Wiring methods shall maintain the integrity of the protection techniques and shall comply with 506.15(A), (B), or (C).
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of restricted industrial establishment [as applied to hazardous (classified) torations).
70-434
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 506 -ZONE 20, 21, & 22 LOCATIONS FOR COMBUSTIBLE DUSTS OR IGNITIBLE FIBERS/FLYINGS 506.15
(A) Zone 20. In Zone 20 locations, the following wiring meth- ods shall be permitted:
(1) Threaded rigid metal conduit (RMC) or threaded inter- mediate metal conduit (IMC).
(2) Type MI cable terminated with fittings listed for the loca- tion. Type MI cable shall be installed and supported in a manner to avoid tensile stress at the termination fittings.
Exception No. 1: Type MI cable and fittings listed for Class II, Divi- sion 1 locations shall be permitted to be used.
Exception No. 2: Equipment identified as intrinsically safe "ia" shall be permitted to be connected using the wiring methods identified in 504.20.
(3) In restricted industrial establishments, Type MC-HIL cable listed for use in Zone 20 locations, with a continuous corrugated metallic sheath, an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material, and a separate equipment grounding conductor(s) in accordance with 250.122, and terminated with fittings listed for the application. Type MC-HIL cable shall be installed in accordance with Part II of Article 330.
Exception: Type MC-IIL cable and fittings listed for Class II, Divi- sion 1 locations shall be permitted to be used.
(4) In restricted industrial establishments, and where the cable is not subject to physical damage, Type ITC-HL cable listed for use in Zone 1 or Class I, Division 1 loca- tions, with a gas/vaportight continuous corrugated metal- lic sheath and an overall jacket of suitable polymeric material, and terminated with fittings listed for the appli- cation. Type ITC-HIL cable shall be installed in accord- ance with 335.4.
(5) Fittings and boxes shall be identified for use in Zone 20 locations.
Exception: Boxes and fittings listed for Class II, Division 1 locations shall be permitted to be used.
(6) If flexible connections are necessary, liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC) with listed fittings, liquidtight flex- ible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC) with listed fittings, or flexible cord listed for extra-hard usage and provided with listed fittings. Where flexible cords are used, they shall also comply with 506.17 and be terminated with a listed cord connector that maintains the type of protec- tion of the terminal compartment. If flexible connections are subject to oil or other corrosive conditions, the insula- tion of the conductors shall be of a type listed for the condition or be protected by means of a suitable sheath.
Exception No. 1: Liquidtight flexible conduit (LFMC or LFNC), flexi- ble conduit fittings, and cord fittings listed for Class II, Division 1 loca- tions shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: For elevator use, an identified elevator cable of Type EO, Type ETP, or Type ETT, shown under the "use" column in Table 400.4 for "hazardous (classified) locations, " and terminated with listed connectors that maintain the type of protection of the terminal compartment shall be permitted.
Informational Note No. 1: See 306.30 for grounding require- ments where flexible conduit is used.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable- Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Lorations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables, cable fittings, and cord connectors.
(7) Optical fiber cable Type OFNP, Type OFCP, Type OFNR, Type OFCR, Type OFNG, Type OFCG, Type OFN, or Type OFC installed in raceways in accordance with 506.15(A). Optical fiber cables shall be scaled in accordance with 506.16.
(B) Zone 21. In Zone 21 locations, the following wiring meth- ods shall be permitted:
(1) All wiring methods permitted in 506.15(A)
(2) Fittings and boxes that are dusttight, that are provided with threaded bosses for connection to conduit, and in which taps, joints, or terminal connections are not made and are not used in locations where metal dust is present
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable-Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables, cable fittings, and cord connectors.
Exception: Equipment identified as intrinsically safe "ib" shall be permitted to be connected using the wiring methods identified in 504.20.
(C) Zone 22. In Zone 22 locations, the following wiring meth- ods shall be permitted:
(1) All wiring methods permitted in 506.15(B).
(2) Rigid metal conduit (RMC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed threaded or threadless fittings.
(3) Electrical metallic tubing (EMT) or dusttight wircways.
(4) Typc MC or Type MI cable with listed termination fittings.
(5) Typc PLTC cable or Type PLTC-ER cable used in Class 2 or Class 3 circuits, including installation in cable tray systems. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings. Type PLTC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wire that might be present.
(6) Type ITC cable or Type ITC-ER cable as permitted in 335.4 and terminated with listed fittings. Type ITC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wirc.
(7) Type MV, Type TC, or Type TC-ER cable, including installation in cable tray systems. Type TC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor in addition to a drain wire that might be present. The cable shall be terminated with listed fittings.
(8) Intrinsic safety type of protection "ic" using any of the wiring methods permitted for unclassified locations. Intrinsic safety type of protection "ic" systems shall be installed in accordance with the control drawing(s). Simple apparatus, not shown on the control drawing, shall be permitted in a circuit of intrinsic safety type of protection "ic", provided that the simple apparatus docs not interconnect the intrinsic safety type of protection "ic" circuit to any other circuit. Separation of circuits of intrinsic safety type of protection "ic" shall be in accord- ance with one of the following:
a. Be in separate cables
b. Be in multiconductor cables where the conductors of cach circuit are within a grounded metal shield
c. Be in multiconductor cables where the conductors have insulation with a minimum thickness of 0.25 mm (0.01 in.)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-435
506.16 ARTICLE 506-ZONE 20, 21, & 22 LOCATIONS FOR COMBUSTIBLE DUSTS OR IGNITIBLE FIBERS/FLYINGS
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of simple apparatus.
(9) Boxes and fittings shall be dusttight.
(10) Optical fiber cable Type OFNP, Type OFCP, Type OFNR, Type OFCR, Type OFNG, Type OFCG, Type OFN, or Type OFC installed in cable trays or any raceway in accordance with 506.15(C). Optical fiber cables shall be scaled in accordance with 506.16.
(11) Cablebus.
506.16 Sealing. Where necessary to protect against the ingress of combustible dust, combustible fibers/flyings, or ignitible fibers/flyings, or to maintain the type of protection, scals shall be provided. The scal shall be identified as capable of prevent- ing the ingress of combustible dust, combustible fiber/flying, or ignitible fiber/flying and maintaining the type of protection but need not be explosionproof or flameproof.
506.17 Flexible Cords. Flexible cords used in Zone 20, Zone 21, and Zone 22 locations shall comply with all of the following:
(1) Be of a type listed for extra-hard usage
(2) Contain, in addition to the conductors of the circuit, an equipment grounding conductor complying with 400.23
(3) Be connected to terminals or to supply conductors in an approved manner
(4) Be supported by clamps or by other suitable means in such a manner to minimize tension on the terminal connections
(5) Be terminated with a listed cord connector that maintains the protection technique of the terminal compartment
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 2225, Cables and Cable-Fittings for Use in Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on construction, testing, and marking of cables, cable fittings, and cord connectors.
506.20 Equipment Installation.
(A) Zone 20. In Zone 20 locations, only equipment listed and marked as suitable for the location shall be permitted.
Exception No. 1: Equipment listed for use in Class II, Division 1 loca- tions with a suitable temperature class shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: For locations involving Group IIIA materials, equip- ment listed for use in Class III, Division I locations with a suitable temperature in accordance with 500.8(D)(3) shall be permitted.
(B) Zone 21. In Zone 21 locations, only equipment listed and marked as suitable for the location shall be permitted.
Exception No. 1: Apparatus listed for use in Class II, Division 1 loca- tions with a suitable temperature class shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: Pressurized equipment identified for Class II, Divi- sion 1 shall be permitted.
Exception No. 3: For locations involving Group IIIA materials, equip- ment listed for use in Class III, Division 1 locations with a suitable temperature in accordance with 500.8(D)(3) shall be permitted.
(C) Zone 22. In Zone 22 locations, only equipment listed and marked as suitable for the location shall be permitted.
Exception No. 1: Apparatus listed for use in Class II, Division 1 or Class II, Division 2 locations with a suitable temperature class shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: Pressurized equipment identified for Class II, Divi- sion 1 or Division 2 shall be permitted.
Exception No. 3: For Group IIIA materials, equipment listed for use in Class III, Division 1 or Class III, Division 2 locations with a suitable temperature in accordance with 500.8(D)(3) shall be permitted.
(D) Material Group. Equipment marked Group IIIC shall be permitted for applications requiring Group IIIA or Group IIIB cquipment. Similarly, equipment marked Group IIIB shall be permitted for applications requiring Group IIIA equipment.
(E) Manufacturer's Instructions. Electrical equipment instal- led in hazardous (classified) locations shall be installed in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions, if provided.
(F) Temperature. The temperature marking specified in 506.9(C) (2) (5) shall comply with 506.20(F) (1) or (F) (2):
(1) Combustible dusts or combustible fibers/flyings shall be less than the lower of either the layer or cloud ignition temperature of the specific combustible dust or combusti- ble fiber/flying. For nonmetal dusts or nonmetal combus- tible fibers/flyings that might dehydrate or carbonizc, the temperature marking shall not exceed the lower of either the ignition temperature or 165 (329ºF).
(2) For ignitible fibers/flyings, less than 165 (329ºF) for equipment that is not subject to overloading, or 120 (248°F) for equipment (such as motors or power trans- formers) that may be overloaded.
Informational Note: See NFPA 499, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Combustible Dusts and of Hazardous (Classified) Loca- tions for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process Areas, for mini- mum ignition temperatures of specific dusts.
506.30 Grounding and Bonding. Regardless of the voltage of the electrical system, wiring systems and equipment shall comply with 506.30(A) and (B).
(A) Grounding. Wiring systems and equipment shall be groun- ded in accordance with Part I and Part VI of Article 250, as applicable.
(B) Bonding. Bonding shall comply with Part I and Part V of Article 250, as applicable, and 506.30(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Specific Bonding Means. Bonding shall comply with 506.30(B) (1) (a) and (B) (1)(b).
(a) The locknut-bushing and double-locknut types of contacts shall not be depended on for bonding purposes, but bonding jumpers with identified fittings or other approved means of bonding shall be used. These bonding means shall apply to all metal raceways, fittings, boxcs, cable trays, and enclosures, and other parts of raceway systems between hazard- ous (classified) locations and the point of grounding for serv- ice equipment or point of grounding for a separately derived system. Mctal struts, angles, or channels provided for support and mechanical or physical protection as permitted in 335.4(5), 336.10(7) (c), or 722.135(C) shall be bonded in accordance with 250.102.
(b) Where the branch-circuit overcurrent protection is located on the load side of the disconnecting means, the specific bonding means shall be permitted to end at the near- cst point where the grounded circuit conductor and the grounding electrode conductor are connected together on the line side of the building or structure disconnecting means as specified in 250.32(B).
70-436
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 511 -COMMERCIAL GARAGES, REPAIR AND STORAGE
511.3
(2) Liquidtight Flexible Metal Conduit. Liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall comply with 506.30(B) (2) (a) and (B) (2) (b).
(a) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall include an equipment bonding jumper of the wire type in accordance with 250.102.
(b) In Zone 22 locations, the bonding jumper shall not be required where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Listed liquidtight flexible metal conduit 1.8 m (6 ft) or less in length, with fittings listed for grounding, is used.
(2) Overcurrent protection in the circuit is limited to 10 amperes or less.
(3) The load is part of a meter, instrument, or relay circuit.
ARTICLE 511 Commercial Garages, Repair and Storage
511.1 Scope. These occupancies shall include locations used for service and repair operations in connection with self- propelled vehicles (including, but not limited to, passenger automobiles, buses, trucks, and tractors) in which volatile flam- mable liquids or flammable gases are used for fuel or power.
Informational Note: See NFPA 30A-2021, Code for Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities and Repair Garages, for extracted text that is followed by a reference in brackets. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
511.2 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, these occupancies shall comply with Table 511.2, as applicable, except as modified by this article.
511.3 Area Classification, General. Where Class I liquids or gascous fuels are stored, handled, or transferred, electrical wiring and electrical utilization equipment shall be designed in accordance with the requirements for Class I,' Division 1 or 2 hazardous (classified) locations as classified in accordance with 500.5 and 500.6, and this article. A Class I location shall not extend beyond an unpierced wall, roof, or other solid partition that has no openings. [30A:8.3.1, 8.3.3]
Where the term "Class I" is used with respect to Zone classifi- cations within this article of the Code, it shall apply to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 designations.
Table 511.2 Other Articles
Requirement
Division Classified Locations
Zone Classified Locations
Area classification
500.5, 500.6
505.5, 505.6, 505.7 505.8, 505.9,
Equipment
Part III of 501,
500.7, 500.8, 501.5
505.20, 505.22
Wiring
Part II of 501
505.15, 505.16,
505.17, 505.18,
505.19, 505.26, 505.30
Informational Note: The term "Class I" was originally included as a prefix to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 locations and referen- ces as an identifier for flammable gases, vapors, or liquids to differentiate from Class II and Class III locations. Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 only apply to flammable gases, vapors, or liquids so the "Class I" prefix is redundant and has been deleted, except for text that is extracted from other documents or to remain consistent throughout this article.
(A) Parking Garages. Parking garages used for parking or stor- age shall be permitted to be unclassified.
Informational Note: See NFPA 88A, Standard for Parking Strur- tures, and NFPA 30A, Code for Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities and Repair Garages, for additional information.
(B) Repair Garages, with Dispensing. Major and minor repair garages that dispense motor fuels into the fuel tanks of vehi- cles, including flammable liquids having a flash point below 38° (100°F) such as gasoline, or gaseous fuels such as natural gas, hydrogen, or LPG, shall have the dispensing functions and components classified in accordance with Table 514.3(B) (1) in addition to any classification required by this section. Where Class I liquids, other than fuels, are dispensed, the arca within 900 mm (3 ft) of any fill or dispensing point, extending in all directions, shall be a Class I, Division 2 location.
(C) Repair Garages, Major and Minor. Where vehicles using Class I liquids or heavier-than-air gascous fuels (such as LPG) arc repaired, hazardous arca classification shall be in accord- ance with Table 511.3(C).
Informational Note: See NFPA 30A, Code for Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities and Repair Garages, Table 8.3.2, for additional informa- tion.
(D) Repair Garages, Major. Where vehicles using lighter-than- air gascous fuels (such as hydrogen and natural gas) arc repaired or stored, hazardous arca classification shall be in accordance with Table 511.3(D).
Informational Note: See NFPA 30A, Code for Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities and Repair Garages, Table 8.3.2, for additional informa- tion.
(E) Modifications to Classification.
(1) Specific Areas Adjacent to Classified Locations. Arcas adja- cent to classified locations in which flammable vapors are not likely to be released, such as stock rooms, switchboard rooms, and other similar locations, shall be unclassified where mechanically ventilated at a rate of four or more air changes per hour, designed with positive air pressure, or separated by an unpierced wall, roof, or other solid partition.
(2) Alcohol-Based Windshield Washer Fluid. The arca used for storage, handling, or dispensing into motor vehicles of alcohol- based windshield washer fluid in repair garages shall be unclas- sified unless otherwise classified by a provision of 511.3. [30A: 8.3.1, Exception]
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-437
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
511.3
ARTICLE 511 - COMMERCIAL GARAGES, REPAIR AND STORAGE
Table 511.3(C) Extent of Classified Locations for Major and Minor Repair Garages with Heavier-Than-Air Fuel
Class I
Location
Division (Group D)
Zone (Group IIA)
Extent of Classified Location
Repair garage, major
-
1
Entire space within any pit, belowgrade work area, or subfloor work area that is not ventilated
(where Class I liquids or gaseous fuels are transferred or dispensed*)
2
2
Entire space within any pit, belowgrade work area, or subfloor work area that is provided with ventilation of at least 0.3 m3/min/m2 (1 ft3/min/ft2) of floor area, with suction taken from a point within 300 mm (12 in.) of floor level
2
2
Up to 450 mm (18 in.) above floor level of the room, except as noted below, for entire floor area
Unclassified
2
Unclassified Up to 450 mm (18 in.) above floor level of the room where room is provided with ventilation of at least 0.3 m3/min/m2 (1 ft3/min/ft2) of floor area, with suction taken from a point within 300 mm (12 in.) of floor level 2 Within 0.9 m (3 ft) of any fill or dispensing point, extending in all directions
Specific areas adjacent to classified locations
Unclassified
Unclassified Areas adjacent to classified locations where flammable vapors are not likely to be released, such as stock rooms, switchboard rooms, and other similar locations, where mechanically ventilated at a rate of four or more air changes per hour or designed with positive air pressure or where effectively separated by walls or partitions
Repair garage, minor (where Class I liquids or gaseous fuels are not transferred or dispensed*)
2
2
Entire space within any pit, belowgrade work area, or subfloor work area that is not ventilated
2
Up to 450 mm (18 in.) above floor level, extending 0.9 m (3 ft) horizontally in all directions from opening to any pit, belowgrade work area, or subfloor work area that is not ventilated
Unclassified Unclassified Entire space within any pit, belowgrade work area, or subfloor work area that is provided with ventilation of at least 0.3 m3/min/m2 (1 ft3/min/ft2) of floor area, with suction taken from a point within 300 mm (12 in.) of floor level
Specific areas adjacent to classified locations
Unclassified
Unclassified Areas adjacent to classified locations where flammable vapors are not likely to be released, such as stock rooms, switchboard rooms, and other similar locations, where mechanically ventilated at a rate of four or more air changes per hour or designed with positive air pressure or where effectively separated by walls or partitions
*Includes draining of Class I liquids from vehicles.
Table 511.3(D) Extent of Classified Locations for Major Repair Garages with Lighter-than-Air Fuel
Class I
Location
Division2
Zone3
Extent of Classified Location
Repair garage, major
(where lighter-than-air gaseous fueled1 vehicles are repaired or stored)
Unclassified
Unclassified
Within 450 mm (18 in.) of ceiling, except as noted below Within 450 mm (18 in.) of ceiling where ventilation of at least 0.3 m3/min/m2 (I ft3/min/ft2) of floor area is provided, with suction takenfrom a point within 450 mm (18 in.) of the highest point in the ceiling
Specific areas adjacent to classified locations
Unclassified
Unclassified
Areas adjacent to classified locations where flammable vapors are not likely to be released, such as stock rooms, switchboard rooms, and other similar locations, where mechanically ventilated at a rate of four or more air changes per hour, designed with positive air pressure, or effectively separated by walls or partitions
'Includes fuels such as hydrogen and natural gas, but not LPG. 2For hydrogen (lighter than air) Group B, or natural gas Group D. 3For hydrogen (lighter than air) Group IIC or IIB+H2, or natural gas Group IIA.
70-438
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
2
2
511.10
ARTICLE 511 -COMMERCIAL GARAGES, REPAIR AND STORAGE
511.4 Wiring and Equipment in Class I Locations.
(A) Wiring Located in Class I Locations. Wiring located within Class I locations as classified in 511.3 shall conform with the requirements of Part II of Article 501 or 504.20, as applicable.
(B) Equipment Located in Class I Locations. Within Class I locations as defined in 511.3, equipment shall conform with the requirements of Part III of Article 501 or 504.10, as applica- blc.
(1) Fuel-Dispensing Units. Where fuel-dispensing units (other than liquid petroleum gas, which is prohibited) are located within buildings, 514.1 shall apply.
Where mechanical ventilation is provided in the dispensing arca, the control shall be interlocked so that the dispenser cannot operate without ventilation, in accordance with 500.5(B) (2).
(2) Portable Lighting Equipment. Portable lighting equipment shall be equipped with a handle, lampholder, hook, and substantial guard attached to the lampholder or handle. All exterior surfaces that might come in contact with battery termi- nals, wiring terminals, or other objects shall be of nonconduct- ing material or shall be effectively protected with insulation. Lampholders shall be of an unswitched type and shall not provide means for plug-in of attachment plugs. The outer shell shall be of molded composition or other suitable material. Unless the lamp and its cord are supported or arranged in such a manner that they cannot be used in the locations classified in 511.3, they shall be of a type identified for Class I, Division 1 locations.
511.7 Wiring and Equipment Installed Above Hazardous (Clas- sified) Locations.
(A) Wiring in Spaces Above Hazardous (Classified) Locations.
(1) Fixed Wiring Above Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Fixed wiring above hazardous (classified) locations shall be permitted to be one or more of the following:
(1) Rigid metal conduit (RVC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed threaded or threadless fittings, or electrical metallic conduit (EMT) with listed fittings.
(2) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), reinforced ther- mosetting resin conduit (RTRC), or electrical nonmetal- lic tubing (ENT).
(3) Flexible metal conduit (FMC), liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC), or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC), with listed fittings.
(4) Type MC cable, Type AC cable, Type TC cable, or Type TC-ER cable, including installation in cable trays. Typc TC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor (EGC) in addition to any drain wirc. All cable types shall have listed fittings.
(5) Type MI cable terminated with listed fittings and suppor- ted in a manner to avoid tensile stress.
(6) Manufactured wiring systems.
(7) Type PLTC cable or Type PLTC-ER cable in Class I, Class 2, or Class 3 circuits. Typc PLTC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor (EGC) in addition to any drain wirc.
(8) Type ITC cable or Type ITC-ER cable in accordance with 335.4 and 335.5, terminated with listed fittings. Type ITC- ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conduc- tor (EGC) in addition to any drain wirc.
(9) Cellular metal floor raceways or cellular concrete floor raceways only for supplying ceiling outlets or extensions to the arca below the floor. Such raceways shall have no connections leading into or through any Class I location above the floor.
(2) Pendant. For pendants, flexible cord suitable for the type of service and listed for hard usage shall be used.
(B) Electrical Equipment Installed Above Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations.
(1) Fixed Electrical Equipment. Electrical equipment in a fixed position shall be located above the level of any defined hazardous (classified) location or shall be identified for the location.
(a) Arring Equipment. Equipment that is less than 3.7 m (12 ft) above the floor level and that might produce arcs, sparks, or particles of hot metal, such as cutouts, switches, charging panels, generators, motors, or other equipment (excluding receptacles, lamps, and lampholders) having make- and-break or sliding contacts, shall be of the totally enclosed type or constructed to prevent the escape of sparks or hot metal particles.
(b) Fixed Lighting. Lamps and lampholders for fixed lighting that is located over lanes through which vehicles arc commonly driven or that might otherwise be exposed to physi- cal damage shall be located not less than 3.7 m (12 ft) above floor level, unless of the totally enclosed type or constructed to prevent escape of sparks or hot metal particles.
511.8 Underground Wiring Below Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Underground wiring shall be installed in accord- ance with one of the following wiring methods:
(1) Threaded rigid metal conduit (RMC) or threaded inter- mediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed threaded fittings.
(2) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), reinforced ther- mosetting resin conduit (RTRC), or high-density poly- cthylene conduit (HDPE) where buried under not less than 600 mm (2 ft) of cover. Where PVC conduit, RTRC conduit, or HDPE conduit is used, threaded rigid metal conduit or threaded intermediate metal conduit shall be used for the last 600 mm (2 ft) of the underground run to emergence or to the point of connection to the above- ground raceway, and an equipment grounding conductor shall be included to provide electrical continuity of the raceway system and for grounding of non-current- carrying metal parts.
511.9 Sealing. Scals complying with the requirements of 501.15 and 501.15(B)(2) shall be provided and shall apply to horizontal as well as vertical boundaries of the defined Class I locations.
511.10 Special Equipment.
(A) Battery Charging Equipment. Battery chargers and their control equipment, and batteries being charged, shall not be located within locations classified in 511.3.
(B) Electric Vehicle Charging Equipment.
(1) General. All electrical equipment and wiring shall bc installed in accordance with Part III of Article 625, except as required by 511.10(B) (2) and (B) (3). Flexible cords shall be of a type identified for extra-hard usage.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-439
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
511.10 ARTICLE 512 -CANNABIS OIL EQUIPMENT AND CANNABIS OIL SYSTEMS USING FLAMMABLE MATERIALS
(2) Connector Location. No connector shall be located within a Class I location as defined in 511.3.
(3) Plug Connections to Vehicles. Where the cord is suspen- ded from overhead, it shall be arranged so that the lowest point of sag is at least 150 mm (6 in.) above the floor. Where an auto- matic arrangement is provided to pull both cord and plug beyond the range of physical damage, no additional connector shall be required in the cable or at the outlet.
511.12 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Personnel. Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel shall be provided as required in 210.8(B).
511.16 Grounding and Bonding Requirements.
(A) General Grounding Requirements. All metal raceways, the metal armor or metallic sheath on cables, and all non-current- carrying metal parts of fixed or portable electrical equipment, regardless of voltage, shall be grounded.
(B) Supplying Circuits with Grounded and Grounding Conduc- tors in Class I Locations. Grounding in Class I locations shall comply with 501.30.
(1) Circuits Supplying Portable Equipment or Pendants. Where a circuit supplies portables or pendants and includes a grounded conductor in accordance with 200.3, receptacles, attachment plugs, connectors, and similar devices shall be of the grounding type and the grounded conductor of the flexi- ble cord shall be connected to the screw shell of any lamp- holder or to the grounded terminal of any utilization equipment supplied.
(2) Approved Means. Approved means shall be provided for maintaining continuity of the equipment grounding conductor between the fixed wiring system and the non-current-carrying metal portions of pendant luminaires, portable luminaires, and portable utilization equipment.
ARTICLE 512 Cannabis Oil Equipment and Cannabis Oil Systems Using Flammable Materials
Part I. General
512.1 Scope. This article covers cannabis oil preparatory equipment, extraction equipment, booths, post-processing equipment, and systems using flammable materials (flammable gas, flammable liquid-produced vapor, combustible liquid- produced vapor) in commercial and industrial facilities.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 1389, Plant Oil Extrar- tion Equipment for Installation and Use in Ordinary (Unclassified) Locations and Hazardous (Classified) Locations, for information on cannabis oil equipment and systems for hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 1, Fine Code, NFPA 35, Compressed Gases and Cryogenic Fluids Code, NFPA 58, Liquified Petroleum Gas Code, and ICC IFC, International Fire Code, together with the manufacturer's installation instructions, for informa- tion on the installation of cannabis oil equipment and systems.
512.2 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, cannabis oil equipment and cannabis oil systems using flammable materials shall comply with Table 512.2, as applica- ble, except as modified by this article.
Table 512.2 Other Articles
Requirement
Division Classified Locations
Zone Classified Locations
Area classification
500.5, 500.6
Equipment
Part Ill of 501,
500.7, 500.8, 501.5
505.5, 505.6, 505.7 505.8, 505.9, 505.20, 505.22
Wiring
Part II of 501
505.15, 505.16, 505.17, 505.18, 505.19, 505.26, 505.30
512.3 Classified Locations. Cannabis oil equipment and systems that can release flammable materials during operation shall be classified in accordance with 512.3(A) and (B).
Informational Note No. 1: Some cannabis oil applications can result in the release of heavier-than-air flammable gases or vapors into the surrounding atmosphere as a normal part of the overall extraction process (e.g., during disconnecting or open- ing of vessels containing flammable solvents, or during off- gassing of spent material or extracted plant oil). Cannabis oil equipment and systems can also include the connection of external containers, or other external sources, of flammable solvent.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 30, Flammable and Combusti- ble Liquids Code, NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, and NFPA 497, Recommended Practice for the Classification of Flammable Liquids, Gases, or Vapors and of Hazardous (Classified) Locations for Electrical Installations in Chemical Process Arras, for infonnation on area classification.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 36, Standard for Solvent Extraction Plants, for information on area classification in commercial-scale extraction processes.
(A) Cannabis Oil Equipment and Systems Other Than Booths.
(1) Where Flammable Gases or Vapors Are Released. For sour- ces of gases or vapors from a flammable material, the location shall be classified in accordance with the following and as shown in Figure 512.3(A) (1):
(1) The space within 915 mm (3 ft) in all directions from any such equipment or container and extending to the floor or grade level shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1, whichever is applicable.
(2) The space extending 610 mm (2 ft) beyond the Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1 location shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, whichever is applicable.
(3) The space extending 1525 mm (5 ft) horizontally beyond the space described in 512.3(A) (1)(2) up to a height of 460 mm (18 in.) above the floor or grade level shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, whichever is applicable.
(4) The space inside of a tank or container and the inside of equipment that contains a flammable material shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0, whichever is applicable.
(5) Sumps, pits, or belowgrade channels within 3.05 m (10 ft) horizontally of a vapor source shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1. If the sump, pit, or channel extends
70-440
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 512- CANNABIS OIL EQUIPMENT AND CANNABIS OIL SYSTEMS USING FLAMMABLE MATERIALS 511.16
beyond 3.05 m (10 ft) horizontally from the vapor source, it shall be provided with a vapor stop or classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1 for its entire length.
(2) Where Flammable Gases or Vapors Are Not Released, Except During Disconnection or Opening. Where listed equip- ment is marked to indicate that the level of release during disconnection or opening is maintained below 25 percent LFL without ventilation, flammable solvents shall not be released during the extraction process except during disconnecting or opening of vessels containing flammable solvents, or during off-gassing of spent material or extracted plant oil.
For sources of gas or vapor from a flammable material, the location shall be classified in accordance with the following and as shown in Figure 512.3(A) (2):
(1) The space within 915 mm (3 ft) in all directions from any such equipment or container and extending to the floor or grade level shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, whichever is applicable.
(2) The space extending beyond the Division 2 or Zone 2 arca shall be unclassified.
(3) The space inside of a tank or container and the inside of equipment that contains a flammable material shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0, whichever is applicable.
(4) The space extending 2134 mm (7 ft) horizontally beyond the space described in 512.3(A) (2) (1) up to a height of 460 mm (18 in.) above the floor or grade level shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, whichever is applicable.
(5) Sumps, pits, or belowgrade channels within 3.05 m (10 ft) horizontally of a vapor source shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1. If the sump, pit, or channel extends beyond 3.05 m (10 ft) horizontally from the vapor source, it shall be provided with a vapor stop or it shall be classi- ficd as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1 for its entire length.
(B) Cannabis Oil Booths. Air exhausted from the booths shall not be recirculated or exhausted from the booths into the room in which the booths are installed. Ventilation other than
exhaust ventilation can be provided to the booth, but cannot be recirculated or exhausted from the booth into the room in which the booth is installed.
(1) Where Flammable Gases or Vapors Are Released. For sour- ces of gas or vapor from a flammable material, the location shall be classified in accordance with the following and as shown in Figure 512.3(B) (1):
(1) The space within the booth shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1, whichever is applicable.
(2) The space within 915 mm (3 ft) of any opening shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, whichever is applicable.
(3) The interior of fresh air supply ducts and fresh air supply plenums shall be unclassified.
(2) Where Flammable Gases or Vapors Are Not Released, Except During Disconnection or Opening. Where listed equip- ment is marked to indicate that the level of release during disconnection or opening is maintained below 25 percent LFL without ventilation, flaminable solvents shall not be released during the extraction process except during disconnecting or opening of vessels containing flammable solvents, or during off-gas.singof spent material or extracted plant oil.
For sources of gas or vapor from a flammable material, the location shall be classified in accordance with the following and as shown in Figure 512.3(B)(2):
(1): The space within the booth shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, whichever is applicable.
(2) The space outside any opening shall be unclassified.
(3) The interior of fresh air supply ducts and fresh air supply plenums shall be unclassified.
Part II. Wiring
512.10 Wiring Installation and Operation. All wiring installed or operated within any of the hazardous (classified) locations defined in 512.3 shall comply with the requirements of Part II
610 mm (2 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
460 mm (18 in.)
Cannabis® oil equipment
1
- Pit or trench
3050 mm (10 ft)
3050 mm (10 ft)
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0
(e.g., within equipment or vapor space within container)
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 512.3(A)(1) Area Classification for Equipment and Systems Other than Booths, Where Flammable Gases or Vapors Are Released.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-441
511.16 ARTICLE 512-CANNABIS OIL EQUIPMENT AND CANNABIS OIL SYSTEMS USING FLAMMABLE MATERIALS
915 mm (3 ft)
460 mm (18 in.)
Cannabis oil
equipment
Pit or trench
3050 mm (10 ft)
3050 mm (10 ft)
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0
(e.g., within equipment or vapor space within container)
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 512.3(A)(2) Area Classification for Equipment and Systems Other than Booths, Where. Flammable Gases or Vapors Are Not Released Except During Disconnection or Opening.
of Article 501 or 505.15, as applicable, for the division or zone location in which it is installed.
512.13 Wiring Installed Above Hazardous (Classified) Loca- tions. Other than above cannabis oil booths, all fixed wiring installed at an elevation above hazardous (classified) locations [see Figure 512.3(A)(1) and Figure 512.3(A)(2)] shall be in metal raceways, PVC conduit, RTRC conduit, or ENT conduit. Where used, cables shall be Type MI, Type TC, or Type MC.
Part III. Equipment
512.20 Equipment and Systems. Installation of cannabis oil equipment and systems shall be in a distinct room or arca loca- ted at commercial or industrial facilities. Where all electrical equipment within cannabis oil booths is listed for Class I, Divi- sion 1 or Zone 1 locations, gas detection shall not be required to be provided within the booth. Where gas detection in accordance with 500.7(K) is provided within booths listed for Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2 locations, electrical equipment shall be permitted.
(A) Cannabis Oil Preparatory Equipment. Equipment that is used to prepare the plant material for subsequent extraction of the plant oil (c.g., trimming, desceding, drying/curing) shall be listed for the location.
(B) Cannabis Oil Extraction Equipment. Equipment that uses flammable materials (solvents) in the process of extracting the plant oil from the plant material shall be listed for the location.
Informational Note: Extraction equipment can use flammable materials as solvents to extract the plant oil from the plant mate- rial by saturating the plant material in a vented container, sealed container, or pressure vessel. Typical flammable materials used in the extraction process include butane, ethanol, hexane, pentane, propane, and LPG.
(C) Cannabis Oil Booths. Enclosed arcas used to house canna- bis oil equipment and systems shall be listed for the location.
Informational Note: Cannabis oil booths can be designed to house a single piece or multiple pieces of cannabis oil equip- ment. Booths range in size and can be large enough to permit entrance of personnel to perform the processing tasks.
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
TOP VIEW AT CEILING LEVEL
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
ELEVATION
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 512.3(B)(1) Area Classification for Booths Where Flammable Gases or Vapors Are Released.
70-442
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 513- AIRCRAFT HANGARS
513.3
TOP VIEW AT CEILING LEVEL
ELEVATION
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 512.3(B)(2) Area Classification for Booths Where Flammable Gases or Vapors Are Not Released Except During Disconnection or Opening.
(D) Cannabis Oil Post-Processing Equipment. Equipment that is used in the final processing stages of the extracted plant oil (c.g., vacuum ovens, rotary cvaporators, solvent recovery pumps) shall be listed for the location.
(E) Cannabis Oil Systems. Any combination of cannabis oil equipment needed for the overall extraction process (c.g., cannabis oil preparatory equipment, cannabis oil extraction equipment, cannabis oil booths, cannabis oil post-processing equipment) shall be listed for the location.
Informational Note: See NFPA 70B, Recommended Practice for Eler- triral Equipment Maintenance, for information related to general electrical equipment maintenance and developing an effective electrical preventive maintenance (EPM) program.
512.22 Equipment Installed in Hazardous (Classified) Loca- tions. All equipment installed or operated within any of the classified locations defined in 512.3 shall comply with the requirements of Part III of Article 501 or 505.9, as applicable, for the division or zone arca in which they are used.
512.30 Equipment Installed Above Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Equipment that could produce arcs, sparks, or hot metal particles, such as lamps and lampholders for fixed light- ing, cutouts, switches, receptacles, motors, or other equipment having make-and-break or sliding contacts, where installed above a classified location other than cannabis oil booths, shall be of the totally enclosed type or be constructed to prevent the escape of sparks or hot metal particles.
512.32 Marking. Cannabis oil preparatory equipment, extrac- tion equipment, booths, and post-processing equipment shall be listed and marked to show the hazardous (classified) loca- tion for which it is permitted to be installed.
(A) Division Equipment. Equipment for Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Division 2 shall be marked in accordance with 500.8(C).
(B) Zone Equipment. Equipment for Zone 1 or Zone 2 shall be marked in accordance with 500.8(C) (2).
ARTICLE 513 Aircraft Hangars
513.1 Scope. This article shall apply to buildings or structures in any part of which aircraft containing Class I (flammable) liquids or Class II (combustible) liquids whose temperatures arc above their flash points are housed or stored and in which aircraft might undergo service, repairs, or alterations. It shall not apply to locations used exclusively for aircraft that have never contained fuel or unfueled aircraft.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 409, Standard on Aircraft Hangars, for definitions of aircraft hangar and unfueled aircraft.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 30, Flammable and Combusti- ble Liquids Code, for information on fuel classification.
513.2 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, aircraft hangars shall comply with Table 513.2, as appli- cable, except as modified by this article.
513.3 Classification of Locations. Where the term "Class I" is used with respect to Zone classifications within this article of the Code, it shall apply to Zone 0, Zone I, and Zone 2 designa- tions.
Informational Note: The term "Class I" was originally included as a prefix to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 locations and referen- ces as an identifier for flammable gases, vapors, or liquids to differentiate from Class II and Class III locations. Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 only apply to flammable gases, vapors, or liquids so the "Class I" prefix is redundant and has been deleted, except for text that is extracted from other documents or to remain consistent throughout this article.
(A) Below Floor Level. Any pit or depression below the level of the hangar floor shall be classified as a Class I, Division 1 or Zone I location that shall extend up to said floor level.
(B) Areas Not Separated or Ventilated. The entire arca of the hangar, including any adjacent and communicating arcas not suitably separated from the hangar, shall be classified as a Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2 location up to a level 450 mm (18 in.) above the floor.
Table 513.2 Other Articles
Requirement
Division Classified Locations
Zone Classified Locations
Area classification Equipment
500.5, 500.6
Wiring
Part III of 501, 500.7, 500.8, 501.5 Part II of 501
505.5, 505.6, 505.7 505.8, 505.9, 505.20, 505.22 505.15, 505.16, 505.17, 505.18, 505.19, 505.26, 505.30
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-443
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
513.3
ARTICLE 513- AIRCRAFT HANGARS
(C) Vicinity of Aircraft.
(1) Aircraft Maintenance and Storage Hangars. The arca within 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from aircraft power plants or aircraft fuel tanks shall be classified as a Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2 location that shall extend upward from the floor to a level 1.5 m (5 ft) above the upper surface of wings and engine enclosures.
(2) Aircraft Painting Hangars. The arca within 3 m (10 ft) horizontally from aircraft surfaces from the floor to 3 m (10 ft) above the aircraft shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1. The arca horizontally from aircraft surfaces between 3.0 m (10 ft) and 9.0 m (30 ft) from the floor to 9.0 m (30 ft) above the aircraft surface shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2.
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, for information on venti- lation and grounding for static protection in spray painting areas.
(D) Areas Suitably Separated and Ventilated. Adjacent arcas in which flammable liquids or vapors are not likely to be released, such as stock rooms, electrical control rooms, and other similar locations, shall be unclassified where mechanically ventilated at a rate of four or more air changes per hour, designed with posi- tive air pressure, or effectively separated from the hangar itself by walls or partitions.
513.4 Wiring and Equipment in Class I Locations.
(A) General. All wiring and equipment that is installed or operated within any of the hazardous (classified) locations defined in 513.3 shall comply with the applicable requirements of the hazardous (classified) locations.
Attachment plugs and receptacles shall be identified for the location or shall be designed so they cannot be energized while the connections are being made or broken.
(B) Stanchions, Rostrums, and Docks. Electrical wiring, outlets, and equipment (including lamps) on or attached to stanchions, rostrums, or docks that are located in a hazardous (classified) location as defined in 513.3(C) shall comply with the applicable requirements of Parts II and Ifl of Article 501 or 505.17 through 505.30, as applicable.
513.7 Wiring and Equipment Not Installed in Class I Loca- tions.
(A) Fixed Wiring. All fixed wiring in a hangar but not installed in a Class I location as classified in 513.3 shall be installed in metal raceways or shall be Type MI, TC, or MC cable.
Exception: Wiring in unclassified locations, as described in 513.3(D), shall be permitted to be any suitable type wiring method recognized in Chapter 3.
(B) Pendants. For pendants, flexible cord suitable for the type of service and identified for hard usage or extra-hard usage shall be used. Each such cord shall include a separate equip- ment grounding conductor.
(C) Arcing Equipment. In locations above those described in 513.3, equipment that is less than 3.0 m (10 ft) above wings and engine enclosures of aircraft and that may produce arcs, sparks, or particles of hot metal, such as lamps and lamphold- ers for fixed lighting, cutouts, switches, receptacles, charging panels, generators, motors, or other equipment having make-
and-break or sliding contacts, shall be of the totally enclosed type or constructed so as to prevent the escape of sparks or hot metal particles.
Exception: Equipment in areas described in 513.3(D) shall be permitted to be of the general-purpose type.
(D) Lampholders. Lampholders of metal-shell, fiber-lined types shall not be used for fixed incandescent lighting.
(E) Stanchions, Rostrums, or Docks. Where stanchions, rostrums, or docks are not located or likely to be located in a Class I location, as defined in 513.3(C), wiring and equipment shall comply with 513.7, except that such wiring and cquip- ment not more than 457 mm (18 in.) above the floor in any position shall comply with 513.4(B). Receptacles and attach- ment plugs shall be of a locking type that will not readily disconnect.
(F) Mobile Stanchions. Mobile stanchions with electrical equipment complying with 513.7(E) shall carry at least one permanently affixed warning sign with the following words or cquivalent:
WARNING KEEP 5 FT CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
or
WARNING KEEP 1.5 FT CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
513.8 Underground Wiring.
(A) Wiring and Equipment Embedded, Under Slab, or Under- ground. All wiring installed in or under the hangar floor shall comply with the requirements for Class I, Division 1 locations. Where such wiring is located in vaults, pits, or ducts, adequate drainage shall be provided.
(B) Uninterrupted Raceways, Embedded, Under Slab, or Underground. Uninterrupted raceways that are embedded in a hangar floor or buried beneath the hangar floor shall be considered to be within the Class I location above the floor, regardless of the point at which the raceway descends below or rises above the floor.
513.9 Sealing. Scals shall be provided in accordance with 501.15 or 505.16, as applicable. Scaling requirements specified shall apply to horizontal as well as to vertical boundaries of the defined Class I locations.
513.10 Special Equipment.
(A) Aircraft Electrical Systems.
(1) De-energizing Aircraft Electrical Systems. Aircraft electri- cal systems shall be de-energized when the aircraft is stored in a hangar and, whenever possible, while the aircraft is undergoing maintenance.
(2) Aircraft Batteries. Aircraft batteries shall not be charged where installed in an aircraft located inside or partially inside a hangar.
(B) Aircraft Battery Charging and Equipment. Battery charg- ers and their control equipment shall not be located or oper- ated within any of the Class I locations defined in 513.3 and shall be located in a separate building or in an arca defined in
70-444
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
513.16
ARTICLE 513-AIRCRAFT HANGARS
513.3(D). Mobile chargers shall carry at least one permanently affixed warning sign with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING KEEP 5 FT CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
or
WARNING KEEP 1.5 METERS CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
WARNING KEEP 1.5 METERS CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
Tables, racks, trays, and wiring shall not be located within a Class I location and shall comply with the requirements of 480.9 and 480.10.
(C) External Power Sources for Energizing Aircraft.
(1) Not Less Than 450 mm (18 in.) Above Floor. Aircraft ener- gizers shall be designed and mounted such that all electrical equipment and fixed wiring will be at least 450 mm (18 in.) above floor level and shall not be operated in a Class I location as defined in 513.3(C).
(2) Marking for Mobile Units. Mobile energizers shall carry at least one permanently affixed warning sign with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING KEEP 5 FT CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
or
WARNING KEEP 1.5 METERS CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
(3) Cords. Flexible cords for aircraft energizers and ground support equipment shall be identified for the type of service and extra-hard usage and shall include an equipment ground- ing conductor.
(D) Mobile Servicing Equipment with Electrical Components.
(1) General. Mobile servicing equipment (such as vacuum cleaners, air compressors, air movers) having electrical wiring and equipment not suitable for Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2 locations shall be so designed and mounted that all such fixed wiring and equipment will be at least 450 mm (18 in.) above the floor. Such mobile equipment shall not be operated within the Class I location defined in 513.3(C) and shall carry at least one permanently affixed warning sign with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING KEEP 5 FT CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
or
WARNING KEEP 1.5 METERS CLEAR OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES AND FUEL TANK AREAS
(2) Cords and Connectors. Flexible cords for mobile equip- ment shall be suitable for the type of service and identified for extra-hard usage and shall include an equipment grounding conductor. Attachment plugs and receptacles shall be identi- ficd for the location in which they are installed and shall provide for connection of the equipment grounding conduc- tor.
(3) Restricted Use. Equipment that is not identified as suita- ble for Class I, Division 2 locations shall not be operated in locations where maintenance operations likely to release flam- mable liquids or vapors are in progress.
(E) Portable Equipment.
(1) Portable Lighting Equipment. Portable lighting equipment that is used within a hangar shall be identified for the location in which they are used. For portable luminaires, flexible cord suitable for the type of service and identified for extra-hard usage shall be used. Each such cord shall include a separate equipment grounding conductor.
(2) Portable Utilization Equipment. Portable utilization cquip- ment that is or may be used within a hangar shall be of a type suitable for use in Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2 locations. For portable utilization equipment, flexible cord suitable for the type of service and approved for extra-hard usage shall be used. Each such cord shall include a separate equipment grounding conductor.
513:12 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Personnel. Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel shall be provided as required in 210.8(B).
513.16 Grounding and Bonding Requirements.
(A) General Grounding Requirements. All metal raceways, the metal armor or metallic sheath on cables, and all non-current- carrying metal parts of fixed or portable electrical equipment, regardless of voltage, shall be grounded. Grounding in Class I locations shall comply with 501.30 for Class I, Division 1 and 2 locations and 505.30 for Zone 0, 1, and 2 locations.
(B) Supplying Circuits with Grounded and Equipment Ground- ing Conductors in Class I Locations.
(1) Circuits Supplying Portable Equipment or Pendants. Where a circuit supplies portables or pendants and includes a grounded conductor, receptacles, attachment plugs, connec- tors, and similar devices shall be of the grounding type, and the grounded conductor of the flexible cord shall be connected to the screw shell of any lampholder or to the grounded terminal of any utilization equipment supplied.
(2) Approved Means. Approved means shall be provided for maintaining continuity of the equipment grounding conductor between the fixed wiring system and the non-current-carrying metal portions of pendant luminaires, portable luminaires, and portable utilization equipment.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-445
514.1
ARTICLE 514-MOTOR FUEL DISPENSING FACILITIES
ARTICLE 514 Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities
514.1 Scope. This article shall apply to motor fucl dispensing facilities, marine/motor fuel dispensing facilities, motor fucl dispensing facilities located inside buildings, and flect vehicle motor fuel dispensing facilities.
Informational Note: See NFPA 30A-2021, Code for Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities and Repair Garages, for information regarding safeguards for motor fuel dispensing facilities and for extracted text that is followed by a reference in brackets. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
514.2 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, motor fuel dispensing facilities shall comply with Table 514.2, as applicable, except as modified by this article.
514.3 Classification of Locations. Where the term "Class I" is used with respect to Zone classifications within this article of the Code, it shall apply to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 designa- tions.
Informational Note: The term "Class I" was originally included as a prefix to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 locations and referen- ces as an identifier for flammable gases, vapors, or liquids to differentiate from Class II and Class III locations. Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 only apply to flammable gases, vapors, or liquids so the "Class I" prefix is redundant and has been deleted, except for text that is extracted from other documents or to remain consistent throughout this article.
[Scc Figure 514.3.]
(A) Unclassified Locations. Where the authority having juris- diction can satisfactorily determine that flammable liquids having a flash point below 38 (100ºF), such as gasoline, will not be handled, such location shall not be required to be classi- ficd.
(B) Classified Locations. [Scc Figure 514.3(B).]
(1) Class I Locations. Table 514.3(B) (1) shall be applied where Class I liquids are stored, handled, or dispensed and shall be used to delincate and classify motor fuel dispensing facilities and commercial garages as defined in Article 100. Table 515.3 shall be used for the purpose of delincating and classifying aboveground tanks. A Class I location shall not extend beyond an unpierced wall, roof, or other solid partition. [30A:8.1, 8.2, 8.3]
(2) Compressed Natural Gas, Liquefied Natural Gas, and Liquefied Petroleum Gas Areas. Table 514.3(B)(2) shall bc used to delincate and classify arcas where CNG, LNG, compressed or liquefied hydrogen, LP-Gas, or combinations of
Table 514.2 Other Articles
Requirement
Division Classified Locations
Zone Classified Locations
Area classification
Equipment
500.5, 500.6 Part III of 501.500.7. 500.8, 501.5 Part II of 501
505.5, 505.6, 505.7 505.8.505.9. 505.20, 505.22
Wiring
505.15. 505.16, 505.17, 505.18.505.19, 505.26, 505.30
0.5 m (18 in.) ->
0.5 m (18 in.)
<- 6 m (20 ft) ->
Below grade sump -
-----
6 m (20 ft)
6 m (20 ft)
Dispensers
6 m
6 m
(20 ft)
(20 ft)
Class 1, Div. 2 or Class I, Zone 2
Class I, Div. 1 or Class I, Zone 1
Note: Not to scale.
FIGURE 514.3 Classified Areas Adjacent to Dispensers. [30A:Figure 8.3.3(a)]
these, are dispensed as motor vehicle fuels along with Class I or Class II liquids that are also dispensed as motor vehicle fuels. [30A:12.1]
Where CNG or LNG dispensers are installed bencath a canopy or enclosure, cither the canopy or enclosure shall be designed to prevent accumulation or entrapment of ignitible vapors or all electrical equipment installed beneath the canopy or enclosure shall be suitable for Class I, Division 2 hazardous (classified) locations. [30A:12.4]
Dispensing devices for LP-Gas shall be located as follows:
(1) At least 3 m (10 ft) from any dispensing device for Class I liquids
(2) At least 1.5 m (5 ft) from any dispensing device for Class I liquids where the following conditions exist:
a. The LP-Gas deliver nozzle and filler valve release no more than 4 cm3 (0.1 oz) of liquid upon disconnec- tion.
b. The fixed maximum liquid level gauge remains closed during the entire refueling process. [30A:12.5.2]
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 58, Liquefied Petroleum Gas Code, for requirements on dispensing devices for LP-Gas.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 58, Liquefied Petroleum Gas Code, and NFPA 59, Utility IP-Gas Plant Code, for information on classified areas pertaining to LP-Gas systems other than residen- tial or commercial.
Informational Note No. 3: See 514.3(C) for motor fuel dispens- ing stations in marinas and boatyards.
70-446
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
514.3
ARTICLE 514- MOTOR FUEL DISPENSING FACILITIES
Dispenser
Storage tank top view
6 m (20 ft)
Class I Division 2 or Class I, Zone 2 0.5 m (18 in ) high
Dispenser
Dispenser
Class I Division 2 or Class I, Zone 2
Class I Division 2 or Class I, Zone 2
Storage tank side view
0.5 m (18 in.)-
0.5 m (18 in.)
Storage tank end view
- 6 m (20 ft)
_
- 6 m (20 ft)
- 6 m (20 ft)
-6 m (20 ft)
Note: Not to scale.
FIGURE 514.3(B) Classified Areas Adjacent to Dispenser Mounted on Aboveground Storage Tank. [30A:Figure 8.3.3(b)]
(3) Fuel Storage.
(a) Aboveground tanks storing CNG or L.NG shall be separated from any adjacent property line that is or can be built upon, any public way, and the nearest important building on the same property. [30A:12.3.1]
Informational Note: See NFPA 52, Vehicular Natural Gas Fuel Systems Code, Section 8.4. for the relevant distances for CNG and LNG.
(b) Aboveground tanks storing hydrogen shall be separa- ted from any adjacent property line that is or can be built upon, any public way, and the nearest important building on the same property. [30A: 12.3.2]
Informational Note: See NFPA 2, Hydrogen Technologies Code, for the relevant distances for hydrogen.
(c) Aboveground tanks storing LP-Gas shall be separated from any adjacent property line that is or can be built upon, any public way, and the nearest important building on the same property. [30A:12.3.3]
Informational Note: See NFPA 58, Liquefied Petroleum Gas Code, Section 6.3, for the relevant distances for LP-Gas.
(d) Aboveground tanks storing CNG, LING, or LP-Gas shall be separated from cach other by at least 6 m (20 ft) and from dispensing devices that dispense liquid or gascous motor vehicle fuels by at least 6 m (20 ft). [30A:12.3.3]
Exception No. 1: The required separation shall not apply to tanks or dispensers storing or handling fuels of the same chemical composition.
Exception No. 2: The required separation shall not apply when both the gaseous fuel storage and dispensing equipment are at least 15 m (50 ft) from any other aboveground motor fuel storage or dispensing equip- ment.
Informational Note: See NFPA 52, Vehicular Natural Gas Fuel Systems Code, or NFPA 58, Liquefied Petroleum Gas Code, for addi- tional information.
(c) Dispenser Installations Beneath Canopies. Where CNG or LNG dispensers are installed beneath a canopy or enclosure, cither the canopy or enclosure shall be designed to prevent accumulation or entrapment of ignitible vapors or all electrical equipment installed beneath the canopy or enclosure shall be suitable for Class I, Division 2 hazardous (classified) locations. |30A:12.4]
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-447
514.3
ARTICLE 514-MOTOR FUEL DISPENSING FACILITIES
Table 514.3(B)(1) Class I Locations - Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities
Location
Division (Group D)
Zone (Group IIA)
Extent of Classified Location'
Dispensing Device (except Overhead Type) 2.3
Under dispenser containment
12
12
Dispenser
Outdoor
2
2
Entire space within and under dispenser pit or containment Within 450 mm (18 in.) of dispenser enclosure or that portion of dispenser enclosure containing liquid-handling components, extending horizontally in all directions and down to grade level Up to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade level, extending 6 m (20 ft) horizontally in all directions from dispenser enclosure
Indoor
- with mechanical ventilation
22
2
Up to 450 mm (18 in.) above floor level, extending 6 m (20 ft) horizontally in all directions from dispenser enclosure Up to 450 mm ( 18 in.) above floor level, extending 7.5 m (25 ft) horizontally in all directions from dispenser enclosure
Dispensing Device - Overhead Type+
1 -
1
Space within dispenser enclosure and all electrical equipment integral with dispensing hose or nozzle
2
2
Within 450 mm (18 in.) of dispenser enclosure, extending horizontally in all directions and down to grade level
2
2
Up to 450 mm ( 18 in.) above grade level, extending 6 m (20 ft) horizontally in all directions from a point vertically below edge of dispenser enclosure
Remote Pump - Outdoor
1
1
Entire space within any pit or box below grade level, any part of which is within 3 m ( 10 ft) horizontally from any edge of pump
2 2
2
Within 900 mm (3 ft) of any edge of puinp, extending horizontally in all directions
2
Up to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade level, extending 3 m (10 ft) horizontally in all directions from any edge of pump
Indoor
Entire space within any pit
2
2
Within 1.5 m (5 ft) of any edge of pump, extending in all directions Up to 900 mm (3 ft) above floor level, extending 7.5 m (25 ft) horizontally in all directions from any edge of pump
Sales, Storage, Rest Rooms including structures (such as the attendant's kiosk) on or adjacent to dispensers
unclassified
unclassified
Except as noted below Entire volume, if there is any opening to room within the extent of a Division 1 or Zone 1 location
2
2
Entire volume, if there is any opening to room within the extent of a Division 2 or Zone 2 location
Tank, Aboveground Inside tank Shell, ends, roof, dike area
1-
e-
Entire inside volume Entire space within dike, where dike height exceeds distance from tank shell to inside of dike wall for more than 50 percent of tank circumference
2
2
Entire space within dike, where dike height does not exceed distance from tank shell to inside of dike wall for more than 50 percent of tank circumference
Vent
212
2 2 212
Within 3 m (10ft) of shell, ends, or roof of tank Within 1.5 m (5 ft) of open end of vent, extending in all directions Between 1.5 m and 3 m (5ft and 10 ft) from open end of vent, extending in all directions
Tank, Underground Inside tank Fill Opening
1
-- 0
Entire inside volume Entire space within any pit or box below grade level, any part of which is within a Division 1 or Division 2 classified location or within a Zone 1 or Zone 2 classified location
Up to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade level, extending 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally in all directions from any tight-fill connection and extending 3 m (10 ft) horizontally in all directions from any loose-fill connection
Vent
12
12
Within 1.5 m (5 ft) of open end of vent, extending in all directions Between 1.5 m and 3 m (5ft and 10 ft) from open end of vent, extending in all directions
(continues)
70-448
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
2
- with gravity ventilation
2122
1
1
0
2
514.3
ARTICLE 514- MOTOR FUEL DISPENSING FACILITIES
Table 514.3(B) (1) Continued
Location
Division (Group D)
Zone (Group IIA)
Extent of Classified Location1
Vapor Processing System Pits
-
-
Entire space within any pit or box below grade level, any part of which: (1) is within a Division 1 or Division 2 classified location; (2) is within a Zone 1 or Zone 2 classified location; (3) houses any equipment used to transfer or process vapors
Equipment in protective enclosures Equipment not within protective enclosure
22 2
2
Entire space within enclosure
Within 450 mm (18 in.) of equipment containing flammable vapors or liquid, extending horizontally in all directions and down to grade level
2
2
L'p to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade level within 3 m (10 ft) horizontally of the vapor processing equipment
- Equipment enclosure
1
Entire space within enclosure, if flammable vapor or liquid is present under normal operating conditions
2
2
Entire space within enclosure, if flammable vapor or liquid is not present under normal operating conditions
- Vacuum assist blower
2
2
Within 450 mm (18 in.) of blower, extending horizontally in all directions and down to grade level
2
2
L'p to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade level, extending 3 m (10 ft) horizontally in all directions
Vault
1
1
Entire interior space, if Class I liquids are stored within
'For marine application, grade level means the surface of a pier, extending down to water level.
2Refer to Figure 514.3 and Figure 514.3(B) for an illustration of classified location around dispensing devices.
3Area classification inside the dispenser enclosure is covered in UL 87, Standard for Power Operated Dispensing Devices for Petroleum Products. +Ceiling-mounted hose reel. [30A:Table 8.3.1]
Table 514.3(B)(2) Electrical Equipment Classified Areas for Dispensing Devices
Extent of Classified Area
Dispensing Device
Class I, Division 1
Class I, Division 2
Compressed natural gas (CNG) Liquefied natural gas (LNG)
Entire space within the dispenser enclosure Entire space within the dispenser enclosure
1.5 m (5 ft) in all directions from dispenser enclosure
3 m (10 ft) in all directions from the dispenser enclosure
Liquefied petroleum gas (LP-Gas)
Entire space within the dispenser enclosure; 450 mm (18 in.) from the exterior surface of the dispenser enclosure to an elevation of 1.22 m (4 ft) above the base of the dispenser; the entire pit or open space beneath the dispenser and within 6 m (20 ft) horizontally from any edge of the dispenser when the pit or trench is not mechanically ventilated
L'p to 450 mm (18 in.) above ground and within 6 m (20 ft) horizontally from any edge of the dispenser enclosure, including pits or trenches within this area when provided with adequate mechanical ventilation
[30A:Table 12.6.2]
(1) Specific Requirements for LP-Gas Dispensing Devices. [30A:12.5] Dispensing devices for LP-Gas shall be located as follows:
(1) At least 3 m (10 ft) from any dispensing device for Class I liquids
(2) Atleast 1.5 m (5 ft) from any dispensing device for Class I liquids where the following conditions exist:
a. The LP-Gas deliver nozzle and filler valve release no more than 4 cm3 (0.1 oz) of liquid upon disconnec- tion.
b. The fixed maximum liquid level gauge remains closed during the entire refueling process. [30A:12.5.2]
Table 514.3(B) (2) shall be used to delincate and classify arcas for the purpose of installation of electrical wiring and electrical utilization equipment.
(C) Motor Fuel Dispensing Stations in Boatyards and Marinas.
Informational Note: See NFPA 303, Fire Protection Standard for Marinas and Boatyards, and NFPA 30A, Code for Motor Fuel Dispens- ing Facilities and Repair Garages, for additional information.
(1) General. Electrical wiring and equipment located at or serving motor fuel dispensing locations shall be installed on the side of the wharf, pier, or dock opposite from the liquid piping system.
(2) Classification of Class I, Division 1 and 2 Areas. The crite- ria provided in 514.3(C) (2) (a) and (C) (2) (b) shall be used for the purposes of applying Table 514.3(B) (1) and Table 514.3(B) (2) to motor fuel dispensing equipment on floating or fixed piers, wharfs, or docks. (a) Closed Construction. Where the construction of float- ing docks, piers, or wharfs is closed so that there is no space
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-449
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
2
514.4
ARTICLE 514-MOTOR FUEL DISPENSING FACILITIES
between the bottom of the dock, pier, or wharf and the water, as in the case of concrete-enclosed expanded foam or similar construction, and the construction includes integral service boxes with supply chases, the following shall apply:
(1) The space above the surface of the floating dock, pier, or wharf shall be a Class I, Division 2 location with distances in accordance with Table 514.3(B) (1) for dispenser and outdoor locations.
(2) Spaces below the surface of the floating dock, pier, or wharf that have arcas or enclosures, such as tubs, void.s, pits, vaults, boxes, depressions, fuel piping chases, or simi- lar spaces, where flammable liquid or vapor can accumu- late shall be a Class I, Division 1 location.
Exception No. 1: Dock, pier, or wharf sections that do not support fuel dispensers and abut, but are located 6.0 m (20 ft) or more from, dock sections that support a fuel dispenser(s) shall be permitted to be Class I, Division 2 locations where documented air space is provided between dock sections to allow flammable liquids or vapors to dissipate without traveling to such dock sections. The documentation shall comply with the requirements of 500.4.
Exception No. 2: Dock, pier, or wharf sections that do not support fuel dispensers and do not directly abut sections that support fuel dispensers shall be permitted to be unclassified where documented air space is provided and where flammable liquids or vapors cannot travel to such dock sections. The documentation shall comply with the requirements of 500.4.
(b) Open Construction. Where the construction of piers, wharfs, or docks is open, as in the case of decks built on string- crs supported by pilings, floats, pontoons, or similar construc- tion, the following shall apply:
(1) The arca 450 mm (18 in.) above the surface of the dock, pier, or wharf and extending 6.0 m (20 ft) horizontally in all directions from the outside edge of the dispenser and down to the water level shall be a Class 1, Division 2 loca- tion.
(2) Enclosures such as tubs, voids, pits, vaults, boxes, depres- sions, piping chases, or similar spaces where flammable liquids or vapors can accumulate within 6.0 m (20 ft) of the dispenser shall be a Class I, Division 1 location.
514.4 Wiring and Equipment Installed in Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations. All electrical equipment and wiring installed in the hazardous (classified) locations specified in 514.3 shall comply with Parts II and III of Article 501. Conductor insula- tion in these locations shall comply with 501.20.
514.7 Wiring and Equipment Above Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Fixed wiring and equipment above hazardous (clas- sificd) locations shall be installed in accordance with 514.3 and shall be one or more of the following:
(1) Rigid metal conduit (RMC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed threaded or threadless fittings, or electrical metallic tubing (EMT) with listed fittings.
(2) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), reinforced ther- mosetting resin conduit (RTRC), or electrical nonmetal- lic tubing (ENT).
(3) Flexible metal conduit (FMC), liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC), or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC), with listed fittings.
(4) Type MC cable, Type AC cable, Type TC cable, or Type TC-ER cable, including installation in cable trays, with listed fittings. Type TC-ER cable shall include an equip-
ment grounding conductor (EGC) in addition to any drain wirc.
(5) Type MI cable terminated with listed fittings and suppor- ted to avoid tensile stress.
(6) Manufactured wiring systems.
(7) Type PLTC cable or Type PLTC-ER cable used in Class 2 or Class 3 circuits. Type PLTC-ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conductor (EGC) in addition to any drain wirc.
(8) Type ITC cable or ITC-ER cable in accordance with 335.4 and 335.5 and terminated with listed fittings. Type ITC- ER cable shall include an equipment grounding conduc- tor (EGC) in addition to any drain wirc.
(9) Cellular metal floor raceways or cellular concrete floor raceways only for supplying ceiling outlets or extensions to the arca below the floor. Such raccways shall have no connections leading into or through any Class I location above the floor.
514.8 Underground Wiring. All underground wiring shall comply with 514.8(A), (B), or (C).
(A) Metal Conduit. Threaded rigid metal conduit (R.MC) or threaded intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed thrca- ded fittings shall be permitted. Any portion of electrical wiring that is below the surface of a Class I, Division 1 or Division 2 location [as classified in Table 514.3(B) (1) and Table 514.3(B) (2)] shall be scaled within 3.05 m (10 ft) of the point of emer- gence above grade. The conduit shall not contain any unions, couplings, boxes, or fittings between the conduit scal and the point of emergence above gradc.
(B). Type MI Cable. Typc MI cable shall be permitted where it is installed in accordance with Part II of Article 332.
(C) Nonmetallic Conduit. Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC), or high-density polyethylene conduit (HDPE) shall be permitted where buried under not less than 600 mm (2 ft) of cover. Where PVC conduit, RTRC conduit, or HDPE conduit is used, threaded rigid metal conduit (RMC) or threaded intermediate metal conduit (IMC) shall be used for the last 600 mm (2 ft) of the underground run to emergence or to the point of connec- tion to the aboveground raceway. An equipment grounding conductor (EGC) shall be included to provide electrical continuity of the raceway system and for grounding of non- current-carrying metal parts.
514.9 Sealing.
(A) At Dispenser. A listed scal shall be provided in cach conduit run entering or leaving a dispenser or any cavities or enclosures in direct communication therewith. The scaling fitting or listed explosionproof reducer at the scal shall be the first fitting after the conduit emerges from the carth or concrete.
(B) At Boundary. Additional scals shall be provided in accord- ance with 501.15. Sections 501.15(A) (4) and (B) (2) shall apply to horizontal as well as to vertical boundaries of the defined Class I locations.
514.11 Circuit Disconnects.
(A) Emergency Electrical Disconnects. Fucl dispensing systems shall be provided with one or more clearly identified emer- gency shutoff devices or electrical disconnects. Such devices or disconnects shall be installed in approved locations but not less
70-450
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
515.7
ARTICLE 515 - BULK STORAGE PLANTS
than 6 m (20 ft) or more than 30 m (100 ft) from the fuel dispensing devices that they serve. Emergency shutoff devices or electrical disconnects shall disconnect power to all dispens- ing devices; to all remote pumps serving the dispensing devices; to all associated power, control, and signal circuits; and to all other electrical equipment in the hazardous (classified) loca- tions surrounding the fuel dispensing devices. When more than one emergency shutoff device or electrical disconnect is provided, all devices shall be interconnected. Resetting from an emergency shutoff condition shall require manual intervention and the manner of resetting shall be approved by the authority having jurisdiction. [30A:6.7] The emergency shutoff device shall disconnect simultaneously from the source of supply, all conductors of the circuits, including the grounded conductor, if any. Equipment grounding conductors shall remain connec- ted.
Exception: Intrinsically safe systems shall not be required to meet this requirement.
(B) Attended Self-Service Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities. At attended motor fuel dispensing facilities, the devices or discon- nects shall be readily accessible to the attendant. [30A:6.7.1]
(C) Unattended Self-Service Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities. At unattended motor fuel dispensing facilities, the devices or disconnects shall be readily accessible to patrons and at least one additional device or disconnect shall be readily accessible to cach group of dispensing devices on an individual island. [30A:6.7.2]
514.13 Provisions for Maintenance and Service of Dispensing Equipment. Each dispensing device shall be provided with a means to remove all external voltage sources, including power, communications, data, and vidco circuits and including feed- back, during periods of maintenance and service of the dispensing equipment. The location of this means shall be permitted to be other than inside or adjacent to the dispensing device. The means shall be capable of being locked in the open position in accordance with 110.25.
514.16 Grounding and Bonding. All metal raceways, the metal armor or metallic sheath on cables, and. all non-current- carrying metal parts of fixed and portable electrical equipment, regardless of voltage, shall be grounded and bonded. Ground- ing and bonding in Class I locations shall comply with 501.30.
ARTICLE 515 Bulk Storage Plants
515.1 Scope. This article covers a property or portion of a property where flammable liquids are received by tank vessel, pipelines, tank car, or tank vehicle and are stored or blended in bulk for the purpose of distributing such liquids by tank vessel, pipeline, tank car, tank vehicle, portable tank, or container.
Informational Note: See NFPA 30-2021, Flammable and Combusti- ble Liquids Code, for extracted text that is followed by a reference in brackets. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
515.2 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, bulk storage plants shall comply with Table 515.2, as applicable, except as modified by this article.
515.3 Classified Locations. Where the term "Class I" is used with respect to Zone classifications within this article of the Code, it shall apply to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 designations.
Informational Note No. 1: The term "Class I" was originally included as a prefix to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 locations and references as an identifier for flammable gases, vapors, or liquids to differentiate from Class II and Class III locations. Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 only apply to flammable gases, vapors, or liquids so the "Class I" prefix is redundant and has been deleted, except for text that is extracted from other docu- ments or to remain consistent throughout this article.
Table 515.3 shall be applied where Class I flammable liquids are stored, handled, or dispensed and shall be used to delin- cate and classify bulk storage plants. The classified location shall not extend beyond a floor, wall, roof, or other solid parti- tion that has no communicating openings.
Where the installation does not meet the requirements found in Table 515.3, the authority having jurisdiction shall have the authority to classify the extent of the classified space.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 30, Flammable and Combusti- ble Liquids Code, Chapter 5, for the area classifications listed in Table 515.3 that are based on the premise that the installation meets all the applicable requirements.
Informational Note No. 3: See 514.3(C) through (E) for gaso- line dispensing stations in marinas and boatyards.
Informational Note No. 4: See NFPA 30, Flammable and Combusti- ble Liquids Code, Section 7.3, for additional information.
515.4 Wiring and Equipment Located in Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations. All electrical wiring and equipment within the hazardous (classified) locations specified in 515.3 shall comply with the applicable requirements of Table 515.2.
515.7 Wiring and Equipment Above Hazardous (Classified) Locations.
(A) Fixed Wiring. All fixed wiring above hazardous (classified) locations shall comply with 501.10(B) or 505.15(C), as applica- blc.
(B) Fixed Equipment. Fixed equipment that might produce arcs, sparks, or particles of hot metal, such as lamps and lamp- holders for fixed lighting, cutouts, switches, receptacles, motors, or other equipment having make-and-break or sliding contacts, shall be of the totally enclosed type or be constructed to prevent the escape of sparks or hot metal particles.
Table 515.2 Other Articles
Requirement
Division Classified Locations
Zone Classified Locations
Area classification
500.5, 500.6
Equipment
Part III of 501, 500.7,
500.8, 501.5 Part II of 501
505.5, 505.6, 505.7 505.8, 505.9, 505.20, 505.22
Wiring
505.15, 505.16, 505.17, 505.18, 505.19, 505.26, 505.30
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-451
515.7
ARTICLE 515 - BULK STORAGE PLANTS
Table 515.3 Electrical Area Classifications
Location
Division
Zone
Extent of Classified Area
Indoor equipment installed where flammable vapor-air mixtures can exist under normal operation (see Informational Note)
-
1 Area within 1.5 m (5 ft) of any edge of such equipment, extending in all directions
2
2 Area between 1.5 m and 2.5 m (5 ft and 8 ft) of any edge of such equipment, extending in all directions; also, space up to 900 mm (3 ft) above floor or grade level within 1.5 m to 7.5 m (5 ft to 25 ft) horizontally from any edge of such equipment1
Outdoor equipment installed where flammable vapor-air mixtures can exist under normal operation
-
1 Area within 900 mm (3 ft) of any edge of such equipment, extending in all directions
2
2 Area between 900 mm (3 ft) and 2.5 m (8 ft) of any edge of such equipment, extending in all directions; also, space up to 900 mm (3 ft) above floor or grade level within 900 mm to 3.0 m (3 ft to 10 ft) horizontally from any edge of such equipment
Tank storage installations inside buildings
1
1 All equipment located below grade level 2 Any equipment located at or above grade level
Tank - aboveground, fixed roof
1
0
Inside fixed roof tank
1
1
Area inside dike where dike height is greater than the distance from the tank to the dike for more than 50 percent of the tank circumference
2
2 Within 3.0 m (10 ft) from shell, ends, or roof of tank; also, area inside dike to level of top of dike wall
112 1 2
0 Area inside of vent piping or opening
2
1 Within 1.5 m (5 ft) of open end of vent, extending in all directions Area between 1.5 m and 3.0 m (5 ft and 10 ft) from open end of vent, extending in all directions
Tank - aboveground, floating roof With fixed outer roof With no fixed outer roof
1
0
Area between the floating and fixed roof sections and within the shell Area above the floating roof and within the shell
Tank vault - interior
1
1
Entire interior volume, if Class I liquids are stored within
Underground tank fill opening
1
1
Any pit, box, or space below grade level, if any part is within a Division 1 or 2, or Zone 1 or 2 classified location
2
2 Up to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade level within a horizontal radius of 3.0 m (10 ft) from a loose fill connection, and within a horizontal radius of 1.5 m (5 ft) from a tight fill connection
Vent - discharging upward
1
0
1
1
2
2
Area inside of vent piping or opening Within 900 mm (3 ft) of open end of vent, extending in all directions Area between 900 mm and 1.5 m (3 ft and 5 ft) of open end of vent, extending in all directions
Drum and container filling - outdoors or indoors
1
0 Area inside the drum or container
1
1 Within 900 mm (3 ft) of vent and fill openings, extending in all directions
2
2 Area between 900 mm and 1.5 m (3 ft and 5 ft) from vent or fill opening, extending in all directions; also, up to 450 mm (18 in.) above floor or grade level within a horizontal radius of 3.0 m (10 ft) from vent or fill opening
Pumps, bleeders, withdrawal fittings Indoor
2
2 Within 1.5 m (5 ft) of any edge of such devices, extending in all directions; also, up to 900 mm (3 ft) above floor or grade level within 7.5 m (25 ft) horizontally from any edge of such devices
Outdoor
2
2 Within 900 mm (3 ft) of any edge of such devices, extending in all directions. Also, up to 450 mm ( 18 in.) above grade level within 3.0 m (10 ft) horizontally from any edge of such devices
Pits and sumps
Without mechanical ventilation
- 1
1 Entire area within a pit or sump if any part is within a Division 1 or 2 or Zone 1 or 2 classified location
With adequate mechanical ventilation
2
2 Entire area within a pit or sump if any part is within a Division 1 or 2 or Zone 1 or 2 classified location
(continues)
70-452
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
0
The entire area associated with such equipment where flammable gases or vapors are present continuously or for long periods of time
1 -
1
0
The entire area associated with such equipment where flammable gases or vapors are present continuously or for long periods of time
2
1
1
515.7
ARTICLE 515 - BULK STORAGE PLANTS
Table 515.3 Continued
Location
Division Zone
Extent of Classified Area
Containing valves, fittings, or piping, and not within a Division 1 or 2 or Zone 1 or 2 classified location
2
2 Entire pit or sump
Drainage ditches, separators, impounding basins
Outdoor
Indoor
Tank vehicle and tank car" Loading through open dome
1
1
2
0 Area inside of the tank 1 Within 900 mm (3 ft) of edge of dome, extending in all directions 2 Area between 900 mm and 4.5 m (3 ft and 15 ft) from edge of dome, extending in all directions
Loading through bottom connections with atmospheric venting
1
0 Area inside of the tank
1
1
Within 900 mm (3 ft) of point of venting to atmosphere, extending in all directions
2
2 Area between 900 mm and 4.5 m (3 ft and 15 ft) from point of venting to atmosphere, extending in all directions; also, up to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade within a horizontal radius of 3.0 m (10 ft) from point of loading connection
Loading through closed dome with atmospheric venting
12
1
2
Within 900 mm (3 ft) of open end of vent, extending in all directions Area between 900 mm and 4.5 m (3 ft and 15 ft) from open end of vent, extending in all directions; also, within 900 mm (3 ft) of edge of dome, extending in all directions
Loading through closed dome with vapor control
2
2
Within 900 mm (3 ft) of point of connection of both fill and vapor lines extending in all directions
Bottom loading with vapor control or any bottom unloading
2
2 Within 900 mm (3 ft) of point of connections, extending in all directions; also up to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade within a horizontal radius of 3.0 m (10 ft) from point of connections
Storage and repair garage for tank vehicles
12
1
All pits or spaces below floor level
Area up to 450 mm (18 in.) above floor or grade level for entire storage or repair garage
If there is any opening to these rooms within the extent of an outdoor classified location, the entire room shall be classified the same as the area classification at the point of the opening.
Outdoor drum storage
Unclassified
Inside rooms or storage lockers used for the storage of Class I liquids
2 2 Entire room or locker
Indoor warehousing where there is no flammable liquid transfer
Unclassified If there is any opening to these rooms within the extent of an indoor classified location, the classified location shall extend through the opening to the same extent as if the wall, curb, or partition did not exist.
Office and rest rooms
Unclassified
If there is any opening to these rooms within the extent of an indoor classified location, the room shall be classified the same as if the wall, curb, or partition did not exist.
Piers and wharves
See Figure 515.3.
"The release of Class I liquids can generate vapors to the extent that the entire building, and possibly an area surrounding it, should be considered a Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2 location.
2When classifying extent of area, consideration shall be given to the fact that tank cars or tank vehicles can be spotted at varying points. Therefore, the extremities of the loading or unloading positions shall be used. [30:Table 7.3.3]
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-453
Garages for other than tank vehicles
Unclassified
2
2 Area up to 450 mm (18 in.) above ditch, separator, or basin; also, area up to 450 mm (18 in.) above grade within 4.5 m (15 ft) horizontally from any edge Same as pits and sumps
515.7
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
50 ft
- 50 ft
<- 25 ft ->
<- 25 ft ->
Deck
1
1
25 ft
1
Open sump in deck for draining lines and hose
Operating envelope and stored position of loading arms or hose
Key:
Division 1
Division 2
Nonclassified
50 ft
>
2 ft
25 ft
Approach
Pier
<Shore
(4) Additional locations can be classified as required by the presence of other sources of flammable liquids on the berth, or by Coast Guard or other regulations.
Water level
FIGURE 515.3 Area Classification for a Marine Terminal Handling Flammable Liquids. [30:Figure 29.3.22]
(C) Portable Luminaires or Other Utilization Equipment. Portable luminaires or other utilization equipment and their flexible cords shall comply with Part III of Article 501 or 505.17 for the class of location above which they are connected or uscd.
515.8 Underground Wiring.
(A) Wiring Method. Underground wiring shall be installed in threaded rigid metal conduit or threaded steel intermediate metal conduit or, where buried under not less than 600 mm (2 ft) of cover, shall be permitted in PVC conduit, RTRC conduit, or a listed cable. Where PVC conduit or RTRC conduit is used, threaded rigid metal conduit or threaded steel inter- mediate metal conduit shall be used for not less than the last 600 mm (2 ft) of the conduit run to the conduit point of emer- gence from the underground location or to the point of connection to an aboveground raceway. Where cable is used, it shall be enclosed in threaded rigid metal conduit or threaded steel intermediate metal conduit from the point of lowest buried cable level to the point of connection to the above- ground raceway.
(B) Insulation. Conductor insulation shall comply with 501.20.
(C) Nonmetallic Wiring. Where PVC conduit, RTRC conduit, or cable with a nonmetallic sheath is used, an equipment grounding conductor shall be included to provide for electrical continuity of the raceway system and for grounding of non- current-carrying metal parts.
515.9 Sealing. Scaling requirements shall apply to horizontal as well as to vertical boundaries of the defined Class I locations. Buried raccways and cables under defined Class I locations shall be considered to be within a Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1 location.
515.10 Special Equipment - Motor Fuel Dispensers. In addi- tion to the requirements of this article, dispensers for gasoline
or other volatile flammable liquids or liquified flammable gases shall comply with the requirements for motor fuel dispensing facilities, as applicable, except as modified by this article.
515.16 Grounding and Bonding. All metal raceways, the metal armor or metallic sheath on cables, and all non-current- carrying metal parts of fixed or portable electrical equipment, regardless of voltage, shall be grounded and bonded.
Grounding and bonding in Class I locations shall comply with 501.30 for Class I, Division 1 and 2 locations and 505.30 for Zone 0, 1, and 2 locations.
Informational Note: See NFPA 30, Flammable and Combustible Liquids Code, 6.5.4, for infonnation on grounding for static protection.
ARTICLE 516 Spray Application, Dipping, Coating, and Printing Processes Using Flammable or Combustible Materials
Part I. General
516.1 Scope. This article covers the regular or frequent appli- cation of flammable liquids, combustible liquids, and combusti- ble powders by spray operations and the application of flammable liquids or combustible liquids at temperatures above their flashpoint by spraying, dipping, coating, printing, or other means.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 33-2021, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, or
70-454
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Notes: (1) For Si units, 1 in. = 25 mm; 1 ft = 0.3 m. (2) The "source of vapor" is the operating envelope and stored position of the outboard flange connection of the loading arm (or hose).
(3) The berth area adjacent to tanker and barge cargo tanks is to be Division 2 to the following extent: (a) 25 ft (7.6 m) horizontally in all directions on the pier side from the portion of the hull containing cargo tanks. (b) From the water level to 25 ft (7.6 m) above the cargo tanks at their highest position.
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
516.5
NFPA 34-2021, Standard for Dipping, Coating, and Printing Processes Using Flammable or Combustible Liquids, for extracted text that is followed by a reference in brackets. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 91, Standard for Exhaust Systems for Air Conveying of Vapors, Gases, Mists, and Particulate Solids, for information regarding ventilation.
516.2 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, spray application, dipping, coating, and printing processes using flammable or combustible materials shall comply with Table 516.2, as applicable, except as modified by this article.
516.3 Class I Locations. Where the term Class I is used with respect to Zone classifications within this article of the Code, it shall apply to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 designations.
Informational Note: The tenin Class I was originally included as a prefix to Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 locations and references as an identifier for flammable gases, vapors, or liquids to differenti- ate from Class II and Class III locations. Zone 0, Zone 1, and Zone 2 only apply to flammable gases, vapors, or liquids so the Class I prefix is redundant and has been deleted, except for text that is extracted from other documents or to remain consistent throughout this article.
Part II. Open Containers
516.4 Area Classification. Arca classification for open contain- crs, supply containers, waste containers, spray gun cleaners, and solvent distillation units that contain Class I liquids and arc located in ventilated arcas shall be in accordance with the following:
(1) The area within 915 mm (3 ft) in all directions from any such container or equipment and extending to the floor or grade level shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1, whichever is applicable. [33:6.5.5.1 (1)]
(2) The arca extending 610 mm (2 ft) beyond the Division 1 or Zone 1 location shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, whichever is applicable. [33:6.5.5.1 (2)]
(3) The arca extending 1525 mm (5 ft) horizontally beyond the arca described in 516.4(2) up to a height of 460 mm (18 in.) above the floor or grade level shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2, whichever is applicable. [33:6.5.5.1 (3) ]
Table 516.2 Other Articles
Requirement
Division Classified Locations
Zone Classified Locations
Area classification
500.5, 500.6
505.5, 505.6, 505.7, 506.5, 506.6, 506.7 505.8, 505.9, 505.20, 505.22, 506.8, 506.9
Wiring
Part Il of 501, Part II of 502
505.15, 505.16, 505.17, 505.18, 505.19, 505.26, 505.30, 506.15, 506.17, 506.20, 506.30
(4) The arca inside any tank or container shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0, whichever is applicable. [33:6.5.5.1(4)]
(5) Sumps, pits, or belowgrade channels within 3.05 m (10 ft) horizontally of a vapor source shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1. If the sump, pit, or channel extends beyond 3.05 m (10 ft) from the vapor source, it shall be provided with a vapor stop or be classified as Class I, Divi- sion 1 or Zone 1 for its entire length.
For the purposes of electrical arca classification, the Division system and the Zone system shall not be intermixed for any given source of release. [33:6.2.3]
Electrical wiring and utilization equipment installed in these arcas shall be suitable for the location, as shown in Figure 516.4. [33:6.5.5.2]
Part III. Spray Application Processes
516.5 Area Classification. For spray application processes, the arca classification is based on quantities of flammable vapors, combustible mists, residues, dusts, or deposits that are present or might be present in quantities sufficient to produce ignita- ble or explosive mixtures with air.
(A) Zone Classification of Locations.
(1) Classification of Locations. The Zone system of electrical arca classification shall be applied as follows:
(1) The inside of closed containers or vessels shall be consid- cred a Class I, Zone 0 location.
(2) A Class I, Division 1 location shall be permitted to be alternatively classified as a Class I, Zone 1 location.
(3) A Class I, Division 2 location shall be permitted to be alternatively classified as a Class I, Zone 2 location.
(4) A Class II, Division 1 location shall be permitted to be alternatively classified as a Zone 21 location.
(5) A Class II, Division 2 location shall be permitted to be alternatively classified as a Zone 22 location. [33:6.2.2]
610 mm (2 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
460 mm (18 in.)
3050 mm (10 ft)
3050 mm (10 ft)
Pit or trench
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0 (e.g., vapor space in container)
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 516.4 Electrical Area Classification for Class I Liquid Operations Around Open Containers, Supply Containers, Waste Containers, Spray Gun Cleaners, and Solvent Distillation Units. [33:Figure 6.5.5.2]
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-455
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
Equipment
500.7, 500.8, 501.5, 502.5, 502.6, Part III of 501, Part III of 502
516.5
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
(2) Classification Systems. For the purposes of electrical arca classification, the Division system and the Zone system shall not be intermixed for any given source of release. [33:6.2.3]
In instances of areas within the same facility classified sepa- rately, Class I, Zone 2 locations shall be permitted to abut, but not overlap, Class I, Division 2 locations. Class I, Zone 0 or Zone I locations shall not abut Class I, Division 1 or Division 2 locations. [33:6.2.4]
(3) Equipment. Open flames, spark-producing equipment or processes, and equipment whose exposed surfaces exceed the autoignition temperature of the material being sprayed shall not be located in a spray arca or in any surrounding arca that is classified as Division 2, Zone 2, or Zone 22. [33:6.2.5]
Exception: This requirement shall not apply to drying, curing, or fusing apparatus.
Any utilization equipment or apparatus that is capable of producing sparks or particles of hot metal and that is located above or adjacent to either the spray arca or the surrounding Division 2, Zone 2, or Zone 22 arcas shall be of the totally enclosed type or shall be constructed to prevent the escape of sparks or particles of hot metal. [33:6.2.6]
(B) Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 0 Locations. The inte- rior of any open or closed container or vessel of a flammable liquid shall be considered Class I, Division 1, or Class I, Zone 0, as applicable.
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, Chapter 6, for additional information.
(C) Class I, Division 1; Class I, Zone 1; Class II, Division 1; or Zone 21 Locations. The following spaces shall be considered Class I, Division I; Class I, Zone I; Class II, Division I; or Zone 21 locations, as applicable:
(1) The interior of spray booths and rooms except as specifi- cally provided in 516.5(D).
(2) The interior of exhaust ducts.
(3) Any arca in the direct path of spray operations.
(4) Sumps, pits, or below grade channels within 7620 mm (25 ft) horizontally of a vapor source. If the sump, pit, or channel extends beyond 7620 mm (25 ft) from the vapor source, it shall be provided with a vapor stop or it shall be classified as Class I, Division I for its entire length. [34:6.4.1]
(5) All space in all directions outside of but within 900 mm (3 ft) of open containers, supply containers, spray gun cleaners, and solvent distillation units containing flamma- ble liquids.
(6) For limited finishing workstations, the arca inside the curtains or partitions. [See Figure 516.5(D)(5).]
(D) Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 Locations. The spaces listed in 516.5(D) (I) through (D) (5) shall be considered Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 as applicable.
(1) Unenclosed Spray Processes. Electrical wiring and utiliza- tion equipment located outside but within 6100 mm (20 ft) horizontally and 3050 mm (10 ft) vertically of an enclosed spray arca and not separated from the spray arca by partitions extending to the boundaries of the arca designated as Division 2, Zone 2 or Zone 22 in Figure 516.5(D) (1) shall be suitable for Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or
Spray area
6100 mm (20 ft)
-
TOP (PLAN)
3050 mm (10 ft)
Spray area
FRONT (ELEVATION)
Class I, Division 1; Class I, Zone 1; Class II, Division 1; or Zone 21
Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22
FIGURE 516.5(D)(1) Electrical Area Classification for Unenclosed Spray Areas. [33:Figure 6.5.1]
Zone 22 locations, whichever is applicable. [33:6.5.1] [See Figure 516.5(D)(1).]
(2) Closed-Top, Open-Face, and Open-Front Spray Booths and Spray Rooms. If spray application operations are conducted within a closed-top, open-face, or open-front booth or room, as shown in Figure 516.5(D)(2), any electrical wiring or utiliza- tion equipment located outside of the booth or room but within 915 mm (3 ft) of any opening shall be suitable for Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 locations, whichever is applicable. The Class I, Divi- sion 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 locations shown in Figure 516.5(D) (2) shall extend from the edges of the open face or open front of the booth or room.
(3) Open-Top Spray Booths. For spraying operations conduc- ted within an open top spray booth, the space 915 mm (3 ft) vertically above the booth and within 915 mm (3 ft) of other booth openings shall be considered Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 whichever is applicable. [33:6.5.3]
(4) Enclosed Spray Booths and Spray Rooms. For spray appli- cation operations confined to an enclosed spray booth or room, electrical arca classification shall be as follows:
(1) The arca within 915 mm (3 ft) of any opening shall be classified as Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 locations, whichever is applicable, as shown in Figure 516.5(D) (4).
(2) Where automated spray application equipment is used, the arca outside the access doors shall be unclassified provided the door interlock prevents the spray applica- tion operations when the door is open.
70-456
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
516.6
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
0
--
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
Conveyor opening
Open face
FIGURE 516.5(D)(2) Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 Locations Adjacent to a Closed Top, Open Face, or Open Front Spray Booth or Room. [33:Figure 6.5.2(a)]
(3) Where exhaust air is permitted to be recirculated, both of the following shall apply:
a. The interior of any recirculation path from the secon- dary particulate filters up to and including the air supply plenum shall be classified as Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 loca- tions, whichever is applicable.
b. The interior of fresh air supply ducts shall be unclassi- ficd.
(4) Where exhaust air is not recirculated, the interior of fresh air supply ducts and fresh air supply plenums shall be unclassified.
[33:6.5.4]
(5) Limited Finishing Workstations.
(a) For limited finishing workstations, the arca inside the 915 mm (3 ft) space horizontally and vertically beyond the volume enclosed by the outside surface of the curtains or parti- tions shall be classified as Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zonc 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22, as shown in Figure 516.5(D) (5).
(b) A limited finishing workstation shall be designed and constructed to have all of the following:
(1) A dedicated make-up air supply
(2) Curtains or partitions that are noncombustible or limited combustible
(3) A dedicated mechanical exhaust and filtration system
(4) An approved automatic extinguishing system [33:14.3.1]
Infonnational Note: See NFPA 701, Standard Methods of Fire Test.s for Flame Propagation of Textiles and Films, for information on limi- ted combustible curtains or partitions.
(c) The amount of material sprayed in a limited finishing workstation shall not exceed 3.8 L (1 gal) in any 8-hour period. [33:14.3.2]
(d) Curtains or partitions shall be fully closed during any spray operations. [33:14.3.4]
(c) The equipment within the limited finishing worksta- tion shall be interlocked such that the spray application equip-
ment cannot be operated unless the exhaust ventilation system is operating and functioning properly and spray application is automatically stopped if the exhaust ventilation system fails.
(f) Any limited finishing workstation used for spray appli- cation operations shall not be used for any operation that is capable of producing sparks or particles of hot metal or for operations that involve open flames or electrical utilization equipment capable of producing sparks or particles of hot metal. [33:14.3.6]
(g) Where industrial air heaters are used to elevate the air temperature for drying, curing, or fusing operations, a high limit switch shall be provided to automatically shut off the drying apparatus if the air temperature in the limited finishing workstation exceeds the maximum discharge-air temperature allowed by the standard that the heater is listed to or 93 (200°F), whichever is less. [33:14.3.7.1]
(h) A means shall be provided to show that the limited finishing workstation is in the drying or curing mode of opera- tion and that the limited finishing workstation is to be unoccu- picd. [33:14.3.7.2]
(i) Any containers of flammable or combustible liquids shall be removed from the limited finishing workstation before the drying apparatus is energized. [33:14.3.7.3]
(j) Portable spot-drying, curing, or fusion apparatus shall be permitted to be used in a limited finishing workstation, provided that it is not located within the hazardous (classified) location defined in 14.3.5 of NFPA 33 when spray application operations are being conducted. [33:14.3.8]
(k) Recirculation of exhaust air shall be permitted when the provisions of 516.5(D) (4) (3) are both met. [33:14.3.9]
516.6 Wiring and Equipment in Class I Locations.
(A) Wiring and Equipment - Vapors. All electrical wiring and equipment within the hazardous (classified) locations (contain- ing vapor only - not residues) defined in 516.5 shall comply with the requirements of Part II and Part III of Article 501 or with 505.17 through 505.30, as applicable.
(B) Wiring and Equipment - Vapors and Residues. Unless specifically listed for locations containing deposits of danger- ous quantities of flammable or combustible vapors, mists, resi- ducs, dusts, or deposits (as applicable), there shall be no electrical equipment in any spray arca as herein defined whercon deposits of combustible residue could readily accumu- late, except wiring in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, Type .VII cable, or in metal boxes or fittings containing no taps, splices, or terminal connections. [33:6.4.2]
(C) Illumination. Luminaires shall be permitted to be installed as follows:
(1) Luminaires, like that shown in Figure 516.6(C) (1), that are attached to the walls or ceiling of a spray arca but that arc outside any classified arca and are separated from the spray arca by glass panels shall be suitable for use in unclassified locations. Such fixtures shall be serviced from outside the spray arca. [33:6.6.1]
(2) Luminaires, like that shown in Figure 516.6(C) (1), that are attached to the walls or ceiling of a spray arca; that are separated from the spray arca by glass panels and that are located within a Class I, Division 2; a Class I, Zone 2; a Class II, Division 2; or a Zone 22 location shall be suitable for such location. Such fixtures shall be serviced from outside the spray arca. [33:6.6.2]
(3) Luminaires, like that shown in Figure 516.6(C) (2), that are an integral part of the walls or ceiling of a spray arca
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-457
516.6
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
shall be permitted to be separated from the spray arca by glass panels that are an integral part of the fixture. Such fixtures shall be listed for use in Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 locations, whichever is applicable, and also shall be listed for accu- mulations of deposits of combustible residues. Such fixtures shall be permitted to be serviced from inside the spray arca. [33:6.6.3]
(4) Glass panels used to separate luminaires from the spray arca or that are an integral part of the luminaire shall meet the following requirements:
a. Panels for luminaires or for observation shall be of hcat-treated glass, laminated glass, wired glass, or hammered-wired glass and shall be scaled to confine vapors, mists, residues, dusts, and deposits to the spray arca. [33:5.5.1]
Exception to a .: Listed spay booth assemblies that have vision panels constructed of other materials shall be permitted.
b. Panels for luminaires shall be separated from the luminaire to prevent the surface temperature of the panel from exceeding 93 (200°F). [33:5.5.2]
c. The panel frame and method of attachment shall be designed to not fail under fire exposure before the vision panel fails. [33:5.5.3]
(D) Portable Equipment. Portable electric luminaires or other utilization equipment shall not be used in a spray arca during spray operations.
915 mm (3 ft) radius
Extent of Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 area
915 mm (3 ft) radius
Enclosed spray booth or room (Class I, Division 1; Class I, Zone 1; Class II, Division 1; or Zone 21 within)
915 mm (3 ft) radius
TOP VIEW AT CEILING LEVEL 915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
915 mm (3 ft) radius
ELEVATION
LFor automated spray operations See 6.5.4(2)
FIGURE 516.5(D)(4) Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 Locations Adjacent to an Enclosed Spray Booth or Spray Room. [33:Figure 6.5.4]
Exception No. 1: Where portable electric luminaires are required for operations in spares not readily illuminated by fixed lighting within the spraying area, they shall be of the type identified for Class I, Division 1 or Class 1, Zone 1 locations where readily ignitible residues could be present. [33:6.9 Exception]
Exception No. 2: Where portable electric drying apparatus is used in spray booths and the following requirements are met:
(1) The apparatus and its electrical connections are not located within the spray enclosure during spray operations.
(2) Electrical equipment within 450 mm (18 in. ) of the floor is iden- tified for Class I, Division 2 or Class I, Zone 2 locations.
(3) All metallic parts of the drying apparatus are electrically bonded and grounded.
(4) Interlocks are provided to prevent the operation of spray equip- ment while drying apparatus is within the spay enclosure, to allow for a 3-minute purge of the enclosure before energizing the drying apparatus and to shut off drying apparatus on failure of ventilation system.
(E) Electrostatic Equipment. Electrostatic spraying or detcar- ing equipment shall be installed and used only as provided in 516.10.
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, for additional informa- tion.
(F) Static Electric Discharges. All persons and all electrically conductive objects, including any metal parts of the process equipment or apparatus, containers of material, exhaust ducts, and piping systems that convey flammable or combustible liquids, shall be electrically grounded. [34:6.8.1]
516.7 Wiring and Equipment Not Within Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations.
(A) Wiring. All fixed wiring above hazardous (classificd) loca- tions shall be permitted to be one or more of the following:
(1) Rigid metal conduit (RVC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed threaded or threadless fittings,or electrical metallic tubing (EMT) with listed fittings.
(2) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), reinforced ther- mosctting resin conduit (RTRC), or electrical nonmetal- lic tubing (ENT).
(3) Type MC cable, Type TC cable, or Type TC-ER cable, including installation in cable trays, terminated with listed fittings. Type TC-ER cable shall include an equip- ment grounding conductor (EGC) in addition to any drain wirc.
(4) Type VI cable terminated with listed fittings and installed and supported to avoid tensile stress.
(5) Type PLTC cableor Type PLTC-ER cable used in Class 2 or Class 3 circuits. Type PLTC-ER cable shall include an cquipment grounding conductor (EGC) in addition to any drain wirc.
(6) Type ITC cableor Type ITC-ER cable in accordance with 335.4 and 335.5 and terminated with listed fittings. Typc ITC-ER cable shall include an EGC in addition to any drain wirc.
(7) Cellular metal raceways supplying ceiling outlets or as extensions to the arca below the floor of a hazardous (classified) location. If cellular metal raceways are used, they shall not have connections leading into or passing through the hazardous (classified) location unless suita- ble scals are provided.
70-458
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
516.10
Dedicated mechanical exhaust system
Dedicated make-up air supply system
Air supply plenum
Curtains
915 mm (3 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
Extent of Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2 area; or Zone 22
915 mm (3 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
TOP VIEW AT CEILING LEVEL
915 mm (3 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
SIDE ELEVATION
END ELEVATION
FIGURE 516.5(D)(5) Class I, Division 2; Class I, Zone 2; Class II, Division 2; or Zone 22 Locations Adjacent to a Limited Finishing Workstation. [33:Figure 14.3.6.1]
(B) Equipment. Equipment that could produce arcs, sparks, or particles of hot metal, such as lamps and lampholders for fixed lighting, cutouts, switches, receptacles, motors, or other equipment having make-and-break or sliding contacts, where installed above a classified location or above a location where freshly finished goods are handled, shall be of the totally enclosed type or be constructed to prevent the escape of sparks or hot metal particles.
516.10 Special Equipment.
(A) Fixed Electrostatic Equipment. This section shall apply to any equipment using electrostatically charged elements for the atomization, charging, and/or precipitation of hazardous materials for coatings on articles or for other similar purposes in which the charging or atomizing device is attached to a mechanical support or manipulator, including robotic devices. This section shall not apply to devices that are held or manipu- lated by hand. Where robot or programming procedures involve manual manipulation of the robot arm while spraying with the high voltage on, the requirements of 516.10(B) shall
Removable panel
Luminaire
Seal
1
Frame
Glass panel
FIGURE 516.6(C)(1) Example of a Luminaire Mounted Outside the Spray Area and Serviced from Outside the Spray Area. [33:Figure 6.6.1.1]
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-459
516.10
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
Exterior of spray area
Interior of spray area
Cover
Hinged glass panel
- -
Gasket
Fixture mounted behind
Opening for fixture
Mounting gasket
1
Removable glass panel
A
-
Spray area, wall or ceiling
FIGURE 516.6(C)(2) Example of Luminaires That Are Integral Parts of the Spray Area and That Are Serviced from Inside the Spray Area. [33:Figure 6.6.3.1]
apply. The installation of electrostatic spraying equipment shall comply with the requirements of 516.10(A) (1) through (A) (10). Spray equipment shall be listed. All automatic electro- static equipment systems shall comply with the requirements of 516.6(B) through (D) and 516.6(F).
(1) Power and Control Equipment. Transformers, high-voltage supplies, control apparatus, and all other electrical portions of the equipment shall be installed outside of the Class I location or be of a type identified for the location.
Exception: High-voltage grids, electrodes, electrostatic atomizing heads, and their connections shall be permitted within the Class I location.
(2) Electrostatic Equipment. Electrodes and electrostatic atomizing heads shall be adequately supported in permanent locations and shall be effectively insulated from ground. Elcc- trodes and electrostatic atomizing heads that are permanently attached to their bases, supports, reciprocators, or robots shall be deemed to comply with this section.
(3) High-Voltage Leads. High-voltage leads shall be properly insulated and protected from mechanical damage or exposure to destructive chemicals. Any exposed clement at high voltage shall be effectively and permanently supported on suitable insulators and shall be effectively guarded against accidental contact or grounding.
(4) Support of Goods. Goods being coated using this process shall be supported on conveyors or hangers. The conveyors or hangers shall be arranged (1) to ensure that the parts being coated are electrically connected to ground with a resistance of 1 megohm or less and (2) to prevent parts from swinging.
(5) Automatic Controls. Electrostatic apparatus shall bc cquipped with automatic means that will rapidly de-energize the high-voltage clements under any of the following condi- tions:
(1) Stoppage of ventilating fans or failure of ventilating equipment from any cause
(2) Stoppage of the conveyor carrying goods through the high-voltage field unless stoppage is required by the spray process
(3) Occurrence of excessive current leakage at any point in the high-voltage system
(4) De-energizing the primary voltage input to the power supply
(6) Grounding. All electrically conductive objects in the spray arca, except those objects required by the process to be at high voltage, shall be adequately grounded. This requirement shall apply to paint containers, wash cans, guards, hose connectors, brackets, and any, other electrically conductive objects or devi- ces in the arca.
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, NFP.A 34, Standard for Dipping, Coating, and Printing Processes Using Flammable or Combus- tible Liquids, and NFPA 77, Recommended Practice on Static Electric- ity, for infonnation on grounding and bonding for static electricity purposes.
(7) Isolation. Safeguards such as adequate booths, fencing, railings, interlocks, or other means shall be placed about the equipment or incorporated therein so that they, cither by their location, character, or both, ensure that a safe separation of the process is maintained.
(8) Signs. Signs shall be conspicuously posted to convey the following:
(1) Designate the process zone as dangerous with regard to fire and accident
(2) Identify the grounding requirements for all electrically conductive objects in the spray arca
(3) Restrict access to qualified personnel only
(9) Insulators. All insulators shall be kept clean and dry.
(10) Other Than Nonincendive Equipment. Spray equipment that cannot be classified as nonincendive shall comply with 516.10(A) (10) (a) and (A) (10) (b).
(a) Conveyors, hangers, and application equipment shall be arranged so that a minimum separation of at least twice the sparking distance is maintained between the workpiece or material being sprayed and electrodes, electrostatic atomizing heads, or charged conductors. Warnings defining this safc distance shall be posted. [33:11.4.1]
(b) The equipment shall provide an automatic means of rapidly de-energizing the high-voltage clements in the event the distance between the goods being painted and the electro- des or electrostatic atomizing heads falls below that specified in 516.10(A) (10) (a). [33:11.3.8]
(B) Hand-Spraying Electrostatic Equipment. This section shall apply to any cquipment using electrostatically charged clements for the atomization, charging, or precipitation of
70-460
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
516.16
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
flammable and combustible materials for coatings on articles, or for other similar purposes in which the charging or atomiz- ing device is hand-held and manipulated during the spraying operation. Electrostatic hand-spraying equipment and devices used in connection with paint-spraying operations shall be of listed types and shall comply with 516.10(B) (1) through (B)(5).
(1) General. The high-voltage circuits shall be designed so as not to produce a spark of sufficient intensity to ignite the most readily ignitible of those vapor-air mixtures likely to be encountered or result in appreciable shock hazard upon coming in contact with a grounded object under all normal operating conditions. The electrostatically charged exposed clements of the handgun shall be capable of being energized only by an actuator that also controls the coating material supply.
(2) Power Equipment. Transformers, power packs, control apparatus, and all other electrical portions of the equipment shall be located outside of the Class I location or be identified for the location.
Exception: The handgun itself and its connections to the power supply shall be permitted within the Class I location.
(3) Handle. The handle of the spraying gun shall be electri- cally connected to ground by a conductive material and be constructed so that the operator in normal operating position is in electrical contact with the grounded handle with a resist- ance of not more than 1 megohm to prevent buildup of a static charge on the operator's body. Signs indicating the necessity for grounding other persons entering the spray arca shall be conspicuously posted.
(4) Electrostatic Equipment. All electrically conductive objects in the spraying arca, except those objects required by the proc- css to be at high voltage shall be electrically connected to ground with a resistance of not more than 1 megohm. This requirement shall apply to paint containers, wash cans, and any other electrical conductive objects or devices in the area. The cquipment shall carry a prominent, permanently installed warning regarding the necessity for this grounding feature.
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, NFP.A 34, Standard for Dipping, Coating, and Printing Processes Using Flammable or Combus- tible Liquids, and NFPA 77, Recommended Practice on Static Electric- ity, for infonnation on grounding and bonding for static electricity purposes.
(5) Support of Objects. Objects being painted shall be main- tained in electrical contact with the conveyor or other groun- ded support. Hooks shall be regularly cleaned to ensure adequate grounding of 1 megohm or less. Arcas of contact shall be sharp points or knife edges where possible. Points of support of the object shall be concealed from random spray where feasible, and, where the objects being sprayed arc supported from a conveyor, the point of attachment to the conveyor shall be located so as to not collect spray material during normal operation.
(C) Powder Coating. This section shall apply to processes in which combustible dry powders are applied. The hazards asso- ciated with combustible dusts are present in such a process to a degrec, depending on the chemical composition of the mate- rial, particle size, shape, and distribution.
(1) Electrical Equipment and Sources of Ignition. Electrical equipment and other sources of ignition shall comply with the requirements of Part III of Article 502 or 506.20, as applicable. Portable electric luminaires and other utilization equipment shall not be used within a Class II location during operation of the finishing processes. Such luminaires or utilization equip- ment used during cleaning or repairing operations shall be of a type identified for Class II, Division 1 locations and all exposed metal parts shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor.
Exception: Portable electric luminaires shall be of the type listed for Class II, Division 1 locations where required for operations in spares not readily illuminated by fixed lighting within the spraying area and where readily ignitible residues might be present.
(2) Fixed Electrostatic Spraying Equipment. The provisions of 516.10(A) and 516.10(C)(1) shall apply to fixed electrostatic spraying equipment.
(3) Electrostatic Hand-Spraying Equipment. The provisions of 516.10(B) and 516.10(C)(1) shall apply to electrostatic hand- spraying equipment.
(4) Electrostatic Fluidized Beds. Electrostatic fluidized beds and associated equipment shall be of identified types. The high-voltage circuits shall be designed such that any discharge produced when the charging electrodes of the bed arc approached or contacted by a grounded object shall not be of sufficient intensity to ignite any powder-air mixture likely to be encountered or to result in an appreciable shock hazard.
(a) Transformers, power packs, control apparatus, and all other electrical portions of the equipment shall be located outside the powder-coating arca or shall otherwise comply with the requirements of 516.10(C) (1).
Exception: The charging electrodes and their connections to the power supply shall be permitted within the powder coating area.
(b) All electrically conductive objects within the powder- coating arca shall be adequately grounded. The powder- coating equipment shall carry a prominent, permanently installed warning regarding the necessity for grounding these objects.
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, NFP.A 34, Standard for Dipping, Coating, and Printing Processes Using Flammable or Combus- tible Liquids, and NFPA 77, Recommended Practice on Static Electrir- ity, for infonnation on grounding and bonding for static electricity purposes.
(c) Objects being coated shall be maintained in electrical contact (less than 1 megohm) with the conveyor or other support in order to ensure proper grounding. Hangers shall be regularly cleaned to ensure effective electrical contact. Arcas of electrical contact shall be sharp points or knife edges where possible.
(d) The electrical equipment and compressed air supplies shall be interlocked with a ventilation system so that the equipment cannot be operated unless the ventilating fans are in operation. [33:Chapter 15]
516.16 Grounding. All metal raceways, the metal armors or metallic sheath on cables, and all non-current-carrying metal parts of fixed or portable electrical equipment, regardless of voltage, shall be grounded and bonded. Grounding and bond- ing shall comply with 501.30, 502.30, or 505.30, as applicable.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-461
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
516.18
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
Part IV. Spray Application Operations in Membrane Enclo- sures
516.18 Area Classification for Temporary Membrane Enclo- sures. Electrical arca classification shall be as follows:
(1) The area within the membrane enclosure shall be consid- cred a Class I, Division I arca, as shown in Figure 516.18.
(2) A 1.5 m (5 ft) zone outside of the membrane enclosure shall be considered Class I, Division 2, as shown in Figure 516.18.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Appli- cation Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, for information on occupancy, ventilation, fire protection, and permitting for spray application operations in membrane enclosures. This document limits spray application operations within both outdoor and indoor temporary membrane enclosures, as well as use and time constraints. The risks to people and property are unique when
spray painting within the confined spaces of temporary membrane enclosures.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Appli- cation Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, Section 18.6, for the limits of material used in a vertical plane for membrane enclosures.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 701, Standard Methods of Fire Tests for Flame Propagation of Textiles and Films, Test Method 2, for construction information.
Informational Note No. 4: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Appli- cation Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, 18.3.2.1.1, for membrane installation beneath sprinklers.
Informational Note No. 5: See NFPA 13, Standard for the Installa- tion of Sprinkler Systems, 8.15.15, for information on the protec- tion of membrane structures.
Membrane enclosure (Support structure not shown)
1525 mm (5 ft)
Workpiece
Within the membrane enclosure
-1525 mm (5 ft)
PLAN VIEW
1525 mm (5 ft)
1525 mm! (5 ft)
Membrane enclosure (support structure not shown)
Workpiece
.
.
.
1
ELEVATION
Class I, Division 1 [7] Class I, Division 2
FIGURE 516.18 Electrical Classifications for Outdoor Membrane Enclosures. [33:Figure 18.6.1.2]
70-462
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
516.38
ARTICLE 516-SPRAY APPLICATION, DIPPING, COATING, AND PRINTING PROCESSES
516.23 Electrical and Other Sources of Ignition. Electrical wiring and utilization equipment used within the classified arcas inside and outside of membrane enclosures during spray painting shall be suitable for the location and shall comply with all of the following:
(1) All power to the workpiece shall be removed during spray painting.
(2) Workpieces shall be grounded.
(3) Spray paint equipment shall be grounded.
(4) Scaffolding shall be bonded to the workpiece and groun- ded by an approved method.
Part V. Printing, Dipping, and Coating Processes
516.29 Classification of Locations. Classification is based on quantities of flammable vapors, combustible mists, residucs, dusts, or deposits that are present or might be present in quan- titics sufficient to produce ignitable or explosive mixtures with air. Electrical wiring and electrical utilization equipment loca- ted adjacent to open processes shall comply with the require- ments as follows. Examples of these requirements are illustrated in Figure 516.29(1), Figure 516.29(2), Figurc 516.29(3), and Figure 516.29(4).
Informational Note: See NFPA 33, Standard for Spray Application Using Flammable or Combustible Materials, Chapter 6, and NFPA 34, Standard for Dipping, Coating, and Printing Processes Using Flamma- ble or Combustible Liquids, Chapter 6, for additional information.
(1) Electrical wiring and electrical utilization equipment loca- ted in any sump, pit, or below grade channel that is within 7620 mm (25 ft) horizontally of a vapor source, as defined by this standard, shall be suitable for Class I, Divi- sion 1 or Class I, Zone 1 locations. If the sump, pit, or channel extends beyond 7620 mm (25 ft) of the vapor source, it shall be provided with a vapor stop, or it shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 1 for its entire length. [34:6.4.1]
(2) Electrical wiring and electrical utilization equipment loca- ted within 1525 mm (5 ft) of a vapor source shall be suita- ble for Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 1 locations. The space inside a dip tank, ink fountain, ink reservoir, or ink tank shall be classified as Class .I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 0, whichever is applicable.
(3) Electrical wiring and electrical utilization equipment loca- ted within 915 mm (3 ft) of the Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 1 location shall be suitable for Class I, Divi- sion 2 or Class I, Zone 2 locations, whichever is applica- blc.
(4) The space 915 mm (3 ft) above the floor and extending 6100 mm (20 ft) horizontally in all directions from the Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 1 location shall be clas- sified as Class I, Division 2 or Class I, Zone 2, and electri- cal wiring and electrical utilization equipment located within this space shall be suitable for Class I, Division 2 or Class I, Zone 2 locations, whichever is applicable.
(5) This space shall be permitted to be nonclassified for purposes of electrical installations if the surface area of the vapor source does not exceed 0.5 m2 (5 ft2), the contents of the dip tank, ink fountain, ink reservoir, or ink tank do not exceed 19 L (5 gal), and the vapor concentration during operating and shutdown periods does not exceed 25 percent of the lower flammable limit.
516.35 Areas Adjacent to Enclosed Dipping and Coating Processes. Arcas adjacent to enclosed dipping and coating processes are illustrated by Figure 516.35 and shall be classified as follows:
(1) The interior of any enclosed dipping or coating process or apparatus shall be a Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 1 location, and electrical wiring and electrical utilization equipment located within this space shall be suitable for Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 1 locations, whichever is applicable. The arca inside the dip tank shall be classified as Class I, Division 1 or Class I, Zone 0, whichever is applicable.
(2) The space within 915 mm (3 ft) in all directions from any opening in the enclosure and extending to the floor or grade level shall be classified as Class I, Division 2 or Class I, Zone 2, and electrical wiring and electrical utiliza- tion equipment located within this space shall be suitable for Class I, Division 2 locations or Class I, Zone 2 loca- tions, whichever is applicable.
(3) All other spaces adjacent to an enclosed dipping or coat- ing process or apparatus shall be classified as nonhazar- dous for purposes of electrical installations.
516.36 Equipment and Containers in Ventilated Areas. Open containers, supply containers, waste containers, and solvent distillation units that contain Class I liquids shall be located in arcas ventilated in accordance with 516.4.
516.37 Luminaires. For printing, coating, and dipping cquip- ment where the process arca is enclosed by glass panels that are sealed to confine vapors and mists to the inside of the enclo- surc, luminaires that are attached to the walls or ceilings of a process enclosure and that are located outside of any classified arca shall be permitted to be of general purpose construction. Such luminaires shall be serviced from outside the enclosure.
Luminaires that are attached to the walls or ceilings of a process enclosure, are located within the Class I, Division 2 or Class I, Zone 2 location, and are separated from the process arca by glass panels that are scaled to confine vapors and mists shall be suitable for use in that location. Such fixtures shall be serviced from outside the enclosure.
516.38 Wiring and Equipment Not Within Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations.
(A) Wiring. Fixed wiring above hazardous (classificd) loca- tions shall be permitted to be one or more of the following:
(1) Rigid metal conduit (RMC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) with listed threaded or threadless fittings, or electrical metallic tubing (EMT) or electrical nonme- tallic tubing (Type ENT) with listed fittings.
(2) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC) or reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC).
(3) Type MC cable or Type TC cable with listed fittings.
(4) Type MI cable terminated with listed fittings and installed and supported to avoid tensile stress.
(5) Cellular metal floor raceways only to supply ceiling outlets or as extensions to the arca below the floor of a hazardous (classified) location. If cellular metal raceways are used, they shall not have connections leading into or passing through the hazardous (classified) location unless suitable scals are provided.
(B) Equipment. Equipment that is capable of producing arcs, sparks, or particles of hot metal, such as lamps and lamphold-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-463
516.40
ARTICLE 517-HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
ers for fixed lighting, cutouts, switches, receptacles, motors, or other equipment having make-and-break or sliding contacts, where installed above a classified location or above a location where freshly finished goods are handled, shall be of the totally enclosed type or be constructed to prevent the escape of sparks or hot metal particles.
516.40 Static Electric Discharges. All persons and all electri- cally conductive objects, including any metal parts of the proc- css equipment or apparatus, containers of material, exhaust ducts, and piping systems that convey flammable or combusti- ble liquids, shall be electrically grounded.
Provision shall be made to dissipate static electric charges from all nonconductive substrates in printing processes.
Informational Note: See NFPA 77, Recommended Practice on Static Electricity, for information on reducing the risk of ignition from electrostatic discharges.
ARTICLE 517 Health Care Facilities
Part I. General
517.1 Scope. This article applies to electrical construction and installation criteria in health care facilities that provide services to human beings.
915 mm (3 ft)
Saturated vapor blanket
Peripheral vapor ventilation
915 mm (3 ft)
Exhaust plenum
~ Vapor- condensing coils
Liquid
Spill containment
Ventilation inlet at floor level
- Pit
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
Definitions Freeboard: The distance from the maximum solvent or coating material level to the top of the tank
Freeboard ratio: The freeboard height divided by the smaller of the interior length or interior width of the tank
FIGURE 516.29(2) Electrical Area Classification for Open Dipping and Coating Processes with Peripheral Vapor Containment and Ventilation - Vapors Confined to Process Equipment. [34:Figure 6.4(b)]
1525 mm (5 ft)
Conveyor rail
915 mm (3 ft)
1525 mm (5 ft)
Point beyond which object is no longer a vapor source
915 mm (3 ft)
1525 mm (5 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
Diptank
Pit
915 mm-> (3 ft)
-
Drainboard
- 915 mm (3 ft)
+ 6100 mm (20 ft)
~1525 mm (5 ft)
. Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 516.29(1) Electrical Area Classification for Open Dipping and Coating Processes Without Vapor Containment or Ventilation. [34:Figure 6.4(a)]
70-464
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Floor
1525 mm (5 ft)
1525 mm (5 ft)
6100 mm (20 ft)
ARTICLE 517-HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
517.10
Exhaust duct
610 mm (2 ft)
915 mm (3 ft)
Liquid
460 mm (1.5 ft)
- Pit
3050 mm (10 ft)
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 516.29(3) Electrical Area Classification for Open Dipping and Coating Processes with Partial Peripheral Vapor Containment and Ventilation - Vapors NOT Confined to Process Equipment. [34:Figure 6.4(c)]
1525 mm (5 ft)
<- 915 mm (3 ft)
1525 mm- (5 ft)
-915 mm (3 ft)
6100 mm (20 ft)
a Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 516.29(4) Electrical Area Classification for a Typical Printing Process. [34:Figure 6.4(d)]
The requirements of this article shall specify the installation criteria and wiring methods that minimize electrical hazards by the maintenance of adequately low potential differences only between exposed conductive surfaces that are likely to become energized and could be contacted by a patient.
Informational Note No. 1: In a health care facility, it is difficult to prevent the occurrence of a conductive or capacitive path from the patient's body to some grounded object, because that path might be established accidentally or through instrumenta- tion directly connected to the patient. Other electrically conduc- tive surfaces that might make an additional contact with the patient, or instruments that might be connected to the patient, then become possible sources of electric currents that can traverse the patient's body. The hazard is increased as more apparatus is associated with the patient, therefore more inten- sive precautions are needed. Control of electric shock hazard
requires the limitation of electric current that might flow in an electrical circuit involving the patient's body by raising the resist- ance of the conductive circuit that includes the patient, or by insulating exposed conductive surfaces that might become ener- gized, in addition to reducing the potential difference that can appear between exposed conductive surfaces in the patient care vicinity, or by combinations of these methods. A special problem is presented by the patient with an externalized direct conduc- tive path to the heart muscle. The patient could be electrocuted at current levels so low that additional protection in the design of appliances, insulation of the catheter, and control of medical practice is required.
The requirements in Parts II and III not only apply to single- function buildings but are also intended to be individually applied to their respective forms of occupancy within a multi- function building [c.g., a doctor's examining room located within a limited care facility would be required to meet 517.10(A) ].
Informational Note No. 2 : For information concerning performance, maintenance, and testing criteria, refer to the appropriate health care facilities documents.
Informational Note No. 3: Text that is followed by a reference in brackets has been extracted from NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facilities Code, or NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
517.6 Patient Care-Related Electrical Equipment. The recon- ditioning requirements of this Code shall not apply to patient care-related electrical equipment.
Informational Note No. 1: Patient care-related electrical equip- ment is differentiated from electrical equipment as described in 110.21(A)(2).
Informational Note No. 2: If patient care-related electrical equipment is relocated, it is expected to be recommissioned or recertified in accordance with the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (I'DCA).
Part II. Wiring and Protection
517.10 Applicability.
(A) Applicability. Part II shall apply to patient care space of all health care facilities.
(B) Not Covered. Part II shall not apply to the following:
(1) Business offices, corridors, waiting rooms, and the like in clinics, medical and dental offices, and outpatient facili- tics
(2) Spaces of nursing homes and limited care facilities wired in accordance with Chapters 1 through 4 of this Code where these spaces are used exclusively as patient sleep- ing rooms, as determined by the health care facility's governing body
Informational Note No. 1: See 406.12(5) for receptacles located in health care facility business offices, corridors, and waiting rooms that are required to be tamper resistant.
Informational Note No. 2: See 210.12(D) for branch circuits supplying outlets and receptacles located in patient sleeping rooms in nursing homes and limited care facilities that are connected to arc-fault circuit-interrupter circuits.
(3) Arcas used exclusively for any of the following purposes:
a. Intramuscular injections (immunizations)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-465
Copyright @ NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
517.12
ARTICLE 517- HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
Vapor confined to enclosed tunnel
915 mm (3 ft)
Enclosed vapor/drain tunnel
Conveyor rail
Vestibule
Oven
915 mm (3 ft)
Drainboard
Vapor space
Classification of interior of oven governed by NFPA 86
7 ... " Class I, Division 1 or Zone 0
Class I, Division 1 or Zone 1
915 mm 915 mm (3 ft) (3 ft)
Class I, Division 2 or Zone 2
FIGURE 516.35 Electrical Area Classification Around Enclosed Dipping and Coating Processes. [34:Figure 6.5]
b. Psychiatry and psychotherapy
c. Alternative medicine
d. Optometry
c. Pharmacy services not contiguous to health care facili- tics
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code.
517.12 Wiring Methods. Except as modified in this article, wiring methods shall comply with Chapters 1 through 4 of this Code.
517.13 Equipment Grounding Conductor for Receptacles and Fixed Electrical Equipment in Patient Care Spaces. Wiring serving patient care spaces shall comply with the requirements of 517.13(A) and (B).
Exception: Luminaires more than 2.3 m (7'/2 ft ) above the floor and switches located outside of the patient care vicinity shall be permitted to be connected to an equipment grounding return path complying with the requirements of 517.13(A) or (B).
(A) Wiring Methods. All branch circuits serving patient care spaces shall be provided with an effective ground-fault current path by installation in a metal raceway system or a cable having a metallic armor or sheath assembly. The metal raceway system, metallic cable armor, or sheath assembly shall itself qualify as an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.118.
(B) Insulated Equipment Grounding Conductors and Insulated Equipment Bonding Jumpers.
(1) General. An insulated copper equipment grounding conductor that is clearly identified along its entire length by green insulation and installed with the branch circuit conduc- tors within the wiring method in accordance with 517.13(A) shall be connected to the following:
(1) Grounding terminals of all receptacles other than isola- ted ground receptacles
(2) Metal outlet boxes, metal device boxes, or metal enclo- surcs
(3) Non-current-carrying conductive surfaces of fixed electri- cal equipment likely to become energized that are subject to personal contact, operating at over 100 volts
Exception No. 1: For other than isolated ground receptarles, an insula- ted equipment bonding jumper that directly connects to the equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to connect the box and recepta- cle(s) to the equipment grounding conductor. Isolated ground receptacles shall be connected in accordance with 517.16.
Exception No. 2: Metal faceplates shall be connected to an effective ground-fault current path by means of a metal mounting screw(s) secur- ing the faceplate to a metal yohe or strap of a receptacle or to a metal outlet box.
(2) Sizing. Equipment grounding conductors and equipment bonding jumpers shall be sized in accordance with 250.122.
517.14 Panelboard Bonding. The equipment grounding terminal buses of the normal and essential branch-circuit panelboards serving the same individual patient care vicinity shall be connected together with an insulated continuous copper conductor not smaller than 10 AWG. Where two or more panelboards serving the same individual patient care vicinity are served from separate transfer switches on the essen- tial electrical system, the equipment grounding terminal buscs of those panelboards shall be connected together with an insu- lated continuous copper conductor not smaller than 10 AWG. This conductor shall be permitted to be broken in order to terminate on the equipment grounding terminal bus in cach panelboard.
Exception: The insulated continuous copper conductor not smaller than 10 AWG shall be permitted to be terminated on listed connections to aluminum or copper busbars not smaller than 6 mm thick x 50 mm wide (14 in. thick x 2 in. wide) and of sufficient length to accommodate the number of terminations necessary for the bonding of the panel- boards. The busbar shall be securely fastened and installed in an acces- sible location.
70-466
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 517-HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
517.18
517.16 Use of Isolated Ground Receptacles. An isolated ground receptacle, if used, shall not defeat the purposes of the safety features of the grounding systems detailed in 517.13. [99:6.3.2.2.5(A) ]
(A) Inside of a Patient Care Vicinity. An isolated ground receptacle shall not be installed within a patient care vicinity. [99:6.3.2.2.5(B)]
(B) Outside of a Patient Care Vicinity. Isolated ground recep- tacle (s) installed in patient care spaces outside of a patient care vicinity(s) shall comply with 517.16(B) (1) and (B)(2).
(1) The equipment grounding terminals of isolated ground receptacles installed in branch circuits for patient care spaces shall be connected to an insulated equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.146(D) installed in a wiring method described in 517.13(A).
The equipment grounding conductor connected to the equipment grounding terminals of isolated ground receptacles in patient care spaces shall be clearly identified along the equipment grounding conductor's entire length by green insu- lation with one or more yellow stripes.
(2) The insulated equipment grounding conductor required in 517.13(B) (1) shall be clearly identified along its entire length by green insulation, with no yellow stripes, and shall not be connected to the grounding terminals of isolated equip- ment ground receptacles but shall be connected to the box or enclosure indicated in 517.13(B)(1)(2) and to non-current- carrying conductive surfaces of fixed electrical equipment indi- cated in 517.13(B) (1)(3).
Informational Note No. 1: This type of installation is typically used where a reduction of electrical noise (electromagnetic interference) is necessary, and parallel grounding paths are to be avoided.
Informational Note No. 2: Care should be taken in specifying a system containing isolated ground receptacles, because the impedance of the effective ground-fault current path is depend- ent upon the equipment grounding conductor(s) and does not benefit from any conduit or building structure in parallel with the equipment grounding conductor.
517.17 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment.
(A) Applicability. The requirements of 517.17 shall apply to buildings or portions of buildings containing health care facili- tics with Category 1 spaces or utilizing electrical life-support equipment, and buildings that provide the required essential utilities or services for the operation of Category 1 spaces or electrical life-support equipment.
(B) Feeders. Where ground-fault protection of equipment is provided for operation of the service disconnecting means or feeder disconnecting means as specified by 230.95 or 215.10, an additional step of ground-fault protection shall be provided in all next level feeder disconnecting means downstream toward the load. Such protection shall consist of overcurrent devices and current transformers or other protective equip- ment that shall cause the feeder disconnecting means to open.
The additional levels of ground-fault protection of equip- ment shall not be installed on the load side of an essential elec- trical system transfer switch.
(C) Selectivity. Ground-fault protection of equipment for operation of the service and feeder disconnecting means shall
be fully selective such that the feeder device, but not the service device, shall open on ground faults on the load side of the feeder device. Separation of ground-fault protection time- current characteristics shall conform to manufacturer's recom- mendations and shall consider all required tolerances and disconnect operating time to achieve 100 percent selectivity.
Informational Note: See 230.95, Informational Note, for transfer of alternate source where ground-fault protection is applied.
(D) Testing. When ground-fault protection of equipment is first installed, cach level shall be performance tested to ensure compliance with 517.17(C). This testing shall be conducted by a qualified person(s) using a test process in accordance with the instruction provided with the equipment. A written record of this testing shall be made and shall be available to the authority having jurisdiction.
517.18 Category 2 Spaces.
(A) Patient Bed Location. Each patient bed location shall be supplied by at least two branch circuits, one from the critical branch and one from the normal system. All branch circuits from the normal systein shall originate in the same panelboard. The electrical receptacles or the cover plate for the electrical receptacles supplied from the critical branch shall have a distinctive color or marking so as to be readily identifiable and shall also indicate the panelboard and branch-circuit number supplying them.
Branch circuits serving patient bed locations shall not be part of a multiwire branch circuit.
Exception No. 1: Branch circuits serving only special-purpose outlets or receptacles, such as portable X-ray outlets, shall not be required to be served from the same distribution panel or panels.
Exception No. 2: The requirements of 517.18(A) shall not apply to patient bed locations in clinics, medical and dental offices, and outpa- tient facilities; psychiatric, substance abuse, and rehabilitation hospi- tals; sleeping rooms of nursing homes; and limited care facilities meeting the requirements of 517.10(B)(2).
Exception No. 3: A Category 2 patient bed location served from two separate transfer switches on the critical branch shall not be required to have circuits from the normal system.
Exception No. 4: Circuits served by Type 2 essential electrical systems shall be permitted to be fed by the equipment branch of the essential elec- trical system.
(B) Patient Bed Location Receptacles.
(1) Minimum Number and Supply. Each patient bed location shall be provided with a minimum of cight receptacles.
(2) Receptacle Requirements. The receptacles required in 517.18(B) (1) shall be permitted to be of the single, duplex, or quadruplex type or any combination of the three. All recepta- cles shall be listed "hospital grade" and shall be so identified. The grounding terminal of cach receptacle shall be connected to an insulated copper equipment grounding conductor sized in accordance with Table 250.122.
Exception No. 1: The requirements of 517.18(B)(1) and (B)(2) shall not apply to psychiatric, substance abuse, and rehabilitation hospitals meeting the requirements of 517.10(B)(2).
Exception No. 2: Psychiatric security rooms shall not be required to have receptacle outlets installed in the room.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-467
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
517.18
ARTICLE 517- HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
Informational Note: It is not intended that there be a total, immediate replacement of existing non-hospital grade recepta- cles. It is intended, however, that non-hospital grade receptacles be replaced with hospital grade receptacles upon modification of use, renovation, or as existing receptacles need replacement.
(C) Designated Category 2 Pediatric Locations. Receptacles that are located within patient rooms, bathrooms, playrooms, and activity rooms of pediatric units or spaces with similar risk as determined by the health care facility's governing body by conducting a risk assesment, other than infant nurseries, shall be listed and identified as "tamper resistant" or shall employ a listed tamper-resistant cover. [99:6.3.2.2.1 (D) ]
517.19 Category 1 Spaces.
(A) Patient Bed Location Branch Circuits. Each patient bed location shall be supplied by at least two branch circuits, one or more from the critical branch and one or more from the normal system. At least one branch circuit from the critical branch shall supply an outlet(s) only at that bed location.
The electrical receptacles or the cover plates for the electri- cal receptacles supplied from the life safety and critical branches shall have a distinctive color or marking so as to be readily identifiable. [99:6.7.2.2.5(B) ]
All branch circuits from the normal system shall be from a single panelboard. Critical branch receptacles shall be identi- ficd and shall also indicate the panelboard and circuit number supplying them.
Branch circuits serving patient bed locations shall not be part of a multiwire branch circuit.
Exception No. 1: Branch circuits serving only special-purpose recepta- cles or equipment in Category 1 spaces shall be permitted to be served by other panelboards.
Exception No. 2: Category 1 spaces served from two separate critical branch transfer switches shall not be required to have circuits from the normal system.
(B) Patient Bed Location Receptacles.
(1) Minimum Number and Supply. Each patient bed location shall be provided with a minimum of 14 receptacles, with at least one connected to cither of the following:
(1) The normal system branch circuit required in 517.19(A)
(2) A critical branch circuit supplied by a different transfer switch than the other receptacles at the same patient bed location
(2) Receptacle Requirements. The receptacles required in 517.19(B) (1) shall be permitted to be of the single, duplex, or quadruplex type or any combination of the three. All recepta- cles shall be listed "hospital grade" and shall be so identificd. The grounding terminal of cach receptacle shall be connected to the reference grounding point by means of an insulated copper equipment grounding conductor.
(C) Operating Room Receptacles.
(1) Minimum Number and Supply. Each operating room shall be provided with a minimum of 36 receptacles divided between at least two branch circuits. At least 12 receptacles, but no more than 24, shall be connected to cither of the following:
(1) The normal system branch circuit required in 517.19(A)
(2) A critical branch circuit supplied by a different transfer switch than the other receptacles at the same location
(2) Receptacle Requirements. The receptacles shall be permit- ted to be of the locking or nonlocking type and of the single, duplex, or quadruplex types or any combination of the threc.
All nonlocking-type receptacles shall be listed hospital grade and so identified. The grounding terminal of cach receptacle shall be connected to the reference grounding point by means of an insulated copper equipment grounding conductor.
(D) Patient Care Vicinity Grounding and Bonding (Optional). A patient care vicinity shall be perinitted to have a patient equipment grounding point. The patient equipment ground- ing point, where supplied, shall be permitted to contain one or more listed grounding and bonding jacks. An equipment bond- ing jumper not smaller than 10 AWG shall be used to connect the grounding terminal of all grounding-type receptacles to the patient equipment grounding point. The bonding conductor shall be permitted to be arranged centrically or looped as convenient.
Informational Note: Where there is no patient equipment grounding point, it is important that the distance between the reference grounding point and the patient care vicinity be as short as possible to minimize any potential differences.
(E) Equipment Grounding and Bonding. Where a grounded electrical distribution system is used and metal feeder raceway or Type MC or MI cable that qualifies as an equipment ground- ing conductor in accordance with 250.118 is installed, ground- ing of enclosures and equipment, such as panelboards, switchboards, and switchgear, shall be ensured by one of the following bonding means at cach termination or junction point of the metal raceway or Type MC or MI cable:
(1) A grounding bushing and a continuous copper bonding jumper, sized in accordance with 250.122, with the bond- ing jumper connected to the junction enclosure or the ground bus of the panel
(2) Connection of feeder raceways or Type MC or MI cable to threaded hubs or bosses on terminating enclosures
(3) Other approved devices such as bonding-type locknuts or bushings. Standard locknuts shall not be used for bond- ing.
(F) Additional Protective Techniques in Category 1 Spaces (Optional). Isolated power systems shall be permitted to be used for Category 1 spaces, and, if used, the isolated power system equipment shall be listed as isolated power equipment. The isolated power system shall be designed and installed in accordance with 517.160.
Exception: The audible and visual indicators of the line isolation moni- tor shall be permitted to be located at the nursing station for the area being served.
(G) Isolated Power System Equipment Grounding. Where an isolated ungrounded power source is used and limits the first- fault current to a low magnitude, the equipment grounding conductor associatedwith the secondary circuit shall be permit- ted to be run outside of the enclosure of the power conductors in the same circuit.
Informational Note: Although it is permitted to run the equip- ment grounding conductor outside of the conduit, it is safer to run it with the power conductors to provide better protection in case of a second ground fault.
70-468
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 517-HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
517.29
(H) Special-Purpose Receptacle Grounding. The equipment grounding conductor for special-purpose receptacles, such as the operation of mobile X-ray equipment, shall be extended to the reference grounding points of branch circuits for all loca- tions likely to be served from such receptacles. Where such a circuit is served from an isolated ungrounded system, the equipment grounding conductor shall not be required to be run with the power conductors; however, the equipment grounding terminal of the special-purpose receptacle shall be connected to the reference grounding point.
517.20 Wet Procedure Locations.
(A) Receptacles and Fixed Equipment. Wet procedure loca- tions shall be provided with special protection against electric shock. [99:6.3.2.3.1]
This special protection shall be provided by one of the following:
(1) Isolated power systems that remain in operation in the event of a single line-to-ground fault condition that inher- ently limits the possible ground-fault current due to a first fault to a low valuc, without interrupting the power supply
Informational Note No. 1: Isolated power systems can eliminate the danger of electric shock to patients who might be more susceptible to leakage current and unable to move in their beds.
(2) Power distribution system in which the power supply is interrupted if the ground-fault current docs, in fact, exceed the trip value of a Class A GFCI
Informational Note No. 2: See Annex E of ANSI/UL 943-2018, Ground-Fault Cirruit-Interrupters, and 110.3(B) for the manufactur- ers' installation instructions of listed ground-fault circuit inter- rupters for information on the supply connection of life-support equipment to circuits providing ground-fault circuit-interrupter (GFCI) protection of personnel at outlets.
[99:6.3.2.3.2]
Exception: Branch circuits supplying only listed, fixed, therapeutic, and diagnostic equipment shall be permitted to be supplied from a grounded service, single- or 3-phase system of the following conditions are met:
(1) Wiring for grounded and isolated circuits does not occupy the same raceway.
(2) All conductive surfaces of the equipment are connected to an insulated copper equipment grounding conductor.
(B) Isolated Power Systems. Where an isolated power system is utilized, the isolated power equipment shall be listed as isola- ted power equipment, and the isolated power system shall be designed and installed in accordance with 517.160.
Informational Note: See Part IV of Article 680 for requirements on the installation of therapeutic pools and tubs.
517.21 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Personnel in Category 2 and Category 1 Spaces. Receptacles shall not be required in bathrooms or toilet rooms. [99:6.3.2.2.2(D) ]
Receptacles located in patient bathrooms and toilet rooms in Category 2 spaces shall have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection in accordance with 210.8(B) (1).
Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel shall not be required for receptacles installed in those Category 2 and Category 1 spaces where a basin, sink, or other similar plumbing fixture is installed in the patient bed location.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 943-2018, Ground-Fault Cirruit-Interruplers, Annex E, and, in accordance with 110.3(B), the manufacturers' installation instructions of listed ground- fault circuit interrupters for infonnation on the supply connec- tion of life-support equipment to circuits providing ground-fault circuit-interrupter (GFCI) protection of personnel at outlets.
517.22 Demand Factors. Demand factors for receptacle loads supplied by branch circuits not exceeding 150 volts to ground and installed in Category 1, Category 2, Category 3, and Cate- gory 4 patient care spaces shall be in accordance with 220.110.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definitions of patient care space categories.
Part III. Essential Electrical System (EES)
517.25 Essential Electrical Systems for Health Care Facilities. Type 1 and Type 2 essential electrical systems (EES) for health care facilities shall comprise separate branches capable of supplying a limited amount of lighting and power service, which is considered essential for life safety and orderly cessa- tion of procedures during the time normal electrical service is interrupted for any reason.
Informational Note: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facilities Code, for infonnation on essential electrical systems.
517.26 Application of Other Articles. The life safety branch of the essential electrical system shall meet the requirements of Article 700, except as amended as follows:
(1) Section 700.4 shall not apply.
(2) Section 700.10(D) shall not apply.
(3) Section 700.17 shall be replaced with the following: Branch circuits that supply emergency lighting shall be installed to provide service from a source in accordance with 700.12 when normal supply for lighting is interrup- ted or where single circuits supply luminaires containing secondary batteries.
(4) Section 700.32 shall not apply.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emer- guy and Standby Power Systems, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See 517.29 and NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facilities Code, for additional information.
517.29 Type 1 Essential Electrical Systems.
Informational Note: Type 1 essential electrical systems are comprised of three separate branches capable of supplying a limited amount of lighting and power service that is considered essential for life safety and effective facility operation during the time the normal electrical service is interrupted for any reason. These three separate branches are the life safety, critical, and equipment branches. [99:A.6.7.2.3]
(A) Applicability. The requirements of 517.29 through 517.35 shall apply to Type 1 essential electrical systems. Type 1 systems shall be required for Category 1 spaces. Type 1 systems shall be permitted to serve Category 2, Category 3, and Category 4 spaces.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facili- ties Code, for performance, maintenance, and testing require- ments of essential electrical systems in hospitals. See NFPA 20-2019, Standard for the Installation of Stationary Pumps for Fire Protection, for installation of centrifugal fire pumps.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-469
517.29
ARTICLE 517- HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facili- lies Code, 6.7.5 and 6.7.6, for additional information on Type 1 and Type 2 essential electrical systems.
(B) Type 1 Essential Electrical Systems. Category 1 spaces shall be served by a Type 1 essential electrical system. [99:6.4.1]
Category 1 spaces shall not be served by a Type 2 EES. [99:6.4.2]
517.30 Sources of Power.
(A) Two Independent Power Sources. Essential electrical systems (EES) shall have two or more independent sources (or sets of sources). One on-site source (or sets of sources) shall be sized to supply the entire EES. The other independent source (or sets of sources) shall be sized to supply the entire EES and shall be permitted to be located on-site or off-site. Additional sources other than the first two independent sources shall be permitted to be sized to supply the intended load.
Informational Note: An example of a set of sources may be several generators that combined serve the entire EES.
(B) Power Sources for the EES. Power sources for the EES shall be permitted to be any of those specified in 517.30(B) (1) through (B)(5).
(1) Utility Supply Power. Where utility power is used as the normal source, utility power shall not be used as the alternate source unless permitted elsewhere in this article.
Informational Note: See 517.35 and 517.45 for essential system loads that can be supplied from dual sources of utility supply power.
(2) Generating Units.
(3) Fuel Cell Systems. Fuel cell systems shall be permitted to serve as the alternate power source for all or part of an EES: [99:6.7.1.5.1]
(a) Installation of fuel cells shall comply with the require- ments in Parts I through VII of Article 692 for 1000 volts or less and Part VIII for over 1000 volts.
(b) N + 1 units shall be provided where N units have sufficient capacity to supply the demand load of the portion of the system served.
(c) Systems shall be able to - assume loads within 10 seconds of loss of normal power source.
(d) Systems shall have a continuing source of fuel supply, together with sufficient on-site fuel storage for the essential system typc.
(c) Where life safety and critical portions of the distribu- tion system are present, a connection shall be provided for a portable diesel generator.
Informational Note: See NFPA 853-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion of Stationary Fuel Cell Power Systems, for information on instal- lation of stationary fuel cells.
(4) Energy Storage Systems. Energy storage systems shall be permitted to serve as the alternate source for all or part of an EES.
Informational Note: See NFPA 111-2022, Standard on Stored Eler- triral Energy Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for information on the installation of energy storage systems.
(5) Health Care Microgrid. EES shall be permitted to be supplied by a health care microgrid that also supplies noncs- sential loads. The health care microgrid shall be permitted to share distributed resources with the normal system. Health care
microgrid systems shall be designed with sufficient reliability to provide effective facility operation consistent with the facility emergency operations plan. Health care microgrid system components shall not be compromised by failure of the normal source.
Informational Note: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facilities Code, for information on health care microgrids.
(C) Location of EES Components. EES components shall be located to minimize interruptions caused by natural forces common to the arca (c.g., storms, floods, carthquakes, or hazards created by adjoining structures or activities). [99:6.2.4.1]
(1) Services. Installation of electrical service distribution equipment shall be located to reduce possible interruption of normal electrical services resulting from natural or manmade causes as well as internal wiring and equipment failures.
(2) Feeders. Feeders shall be located to provide physical sepa- ration of the feeders of the alternate source and from the feed- crs of the normal electrical source to prevent possible simultancous interruption. [99:6.2.4.3]
Informational Note: Facilities in which the normal source of power is supplied by two or more separate central station-fed services experience greater than normal electrical service relia- bility than those with only a single feed. Such a dual source of normal power consists of two or more electrical services fed from separate generator sets or a utility distribution network that has multiple power input sources and is arranged to provide mechanical and electrical separation so that a fault between the facility and the generating sources is not likely to cause an interruption of more than one of the facility service feeders.
517.31 Requirements for the Essential Electrical System.
(A) Separate Branches. Type 1 essential electrical systems shall be comprised of three separate branches capable of supplying a limited amount of lighting and power service that is considered essential for life safety and effective hospital operation during the time the normal electrical service is interrupted for any reason. The three branches are life safety, critical, and cquip- ment.
The division between the branches shall occur at transfer switches where more than one transfer switch is required. [99:6.7.2.3.1]
(B) Transfer Switches. Transfer switches shall be in accord- ance with one of the following:
(1) The number of transfer switches to be used shall be based on reliability and design. Each branch of the essential electrical system shall have one or more transfer switches.
(2) One transfer switch shall be permitted to serve one or more branches in a facility with a continuous load on the switch of 150 kVA (120 kW) or less. [99:6.7.6.2.1.4]
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facili- ties Code, 6.7.3.1, 6.7.2.2.5, 6.7.2.2.5.15, and 6.7.2.2.7, for more information on transfer switches.
Informational Note No. 2: See Infonnational Note Figure 517.31(B)(1).
Informational Note No. 3: See Infonnational Note Figure 517.31(B)(2).
70-470
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 517-HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
517.31
Normal source
Alternate power source
I
T
Nonessential loads
Automatic switching equipment
Equipment Life safety Critical branch branch
branch
Delayed automatic switching equipment
Essential electrical system
Informational Note Figure 517.31(B)(1) Type 1 Essential Electrical System - Minimum Requirement (Greater Than 150 kVA) for Transfer Switch Arrangement.
Normal power source
Alternate power source
100
Nonessential loads
10.
Automatic switching equipment
Equipment branch
Life safety branch
Critical branch
Essential electrical system
Informational Note Figure 517.31(B)(2) Type 1 Essential Electrical System - Minimum Requirement (150 kVA or Less) for Transfer Switch Arrangement.
(1) Optional Loads. Loads served by the generating equip- ment not specifically named in this article shall be served by their own transfer switches such that the following conditions apply:
(1) These loads shall not be transferred if the transfer will overload the generating equipment.
(2) These loads shall be automatically shed upon generating equipment overloading.
(2) Contiguous Facilities. Hospital power sources and alter- nate power sources shall be permitted to serve the essential electrical systems of contiguous or same-site facilities.
(C) Wiring Requirements.
(1) Separation from Other Circuits. The life safety branch and critical branch [of the essential electrical system] shall be kept independent of all other wiring and equipment. [99:6.7.5.2.1]
(a) Raccways, cables, or enclosures of the life safety and critical branch shall be readily identified as components of the essential electrical system (EES). Boxes and enclosures (includ- ing transfer switches, generators, and power panels) shall be field- or factory-marked and identified as components of the EES. Raceways and cables shall be field- or factory-marked as components of the EES at intervals not to exceed 7.6 m (25 ft).
(b) Conductors of the life safety branch or critical branch shall not enter the same raceways, boxes, or cabinets with cach other or any other wiring system. Branch conductors shall be permitted to occupy common equipment, raceways, boxes, or cabinets of other circuits not part of the life safety branch and critical branch where such wiring complices with one of the following:
(1) Is in transfer equipment enclosures
(2) Is in cxit or emergency luminaires supplied from two sources
(3) Is in a common junction box attached to exit or emer- gency luminaires supplied from two sources
(4) Is for two or more circuits supplied from the same branch and same transfer switch
(c) 'The wiring of the equipment branch shall be permit- ted to occupy the same raceways, boxes, or cabinets of other circuits that are not part of the essential electrical system.
(d) Where Category 2 locations are served from two separate transfer switches on the essential electrical system in accordance with 517.18(A), Exception No. 3, the Category 2 circuits from the two separate systems shall be kept independ- ent of cach other.
(c) Where Category 1 locations are served from two sepa- rate transfer switches on the essential electrical system in accordance with 517.19(A), Exception No. 2, the critical care circuits from the two separate systems shall be kept independ- ent of cach other.
(2) Isolated Power Systems. Where isolated power systems are installed in any of the arcas in 517.34(A)(1) and (A) (2), cach system shall be supplied by an individual circuit serving no other load.
(3) Mechanical Protection of the Essential Electrical System. The wiring of the life safety and critical branches shall be mechanically protected by raceways. Where installed as branch circuits in patient care spaces, the installation shall comply with the requirements of 517.13(A) and (B) and 250.118. Only the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
(1) Nonflexible metal raceways, Type MI cable, RTRC marked with the suffix -XW, or Schedule 80 PVC conduit. Nonmetallic raceways shall not be used for branch circuits that supply patient care spaces.
(2) Where encased in not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete, Schedule 40 PVC conduit, flexible nonmetallic or jacketed metallic raceways, or jacketed metallic cable assemblies listed for installation in concrete. Nonmetallic raceways shall not be used for branch circuits that supply patient care spaces.
(3) Listed flexible metal raceways and listed metal sheathed cable assemblies,as follows:
a. Where used in listed prefabricated medical headwalls b. In listed office furnishings
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-471
517.31
ARTICLE 517- HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
c. Where fished into existing walls or ceilings, not other- wise accessible and not subject to physical damage
d. Where necessary for flexible connection to equip- ment
c. For equipment that requires a flexible connection due to movement, vibration, or operation
f. Luminaires installed in ceiling structures
(4) Flexible power cords of appliances or other utilization cquipment connected to the essential electrical system.
(5) Cables for Class 2 or Class 3 systems permitted in Part VI of this article, with or without raceways.
Informational Note: See 517.13 for additional grounding requirements in patient care areas.
(D) Capacity of Systems. The essential electrical system shall have the capacity and rating to meet the maximum actual demand likely to be produced by the connected load.
Feeders shall be sized in accordance with 215.2 and Part III of Article 220. The alternate power source(s) required in 517.30 shall have the capacity and rating to meet the demand produced by the load at any given time.
Demand calculations for sizing of the alternate power source(s) shall be based on any of the following:
(1) Prudent demand factors and historical data
(2) Connected load
(3) Feeder calculations
(4) Any combination of the above
The sizing requirements in 700.4 and 701.4 shall not apply to alternate sources.
(E) Receptacle Identification. The electrical receptacles or the cover plates for the electrical receptacles supplied from the life safety and critical branches shall have a distinctive color or marking so as to be readily identifiable. [99:6.7.2.2.5 (B)]
(F) Feeders from Alternate Power Source. A single feeder supplied by a local or remote alternate power source shall be permitted to supply the essential electrical system to the point at which the life safety, critical, and equipment branches arc separated. Installation of the transfer equipment shall be permitted at other than the location of the alternate power source.
(G) Coordination. Overcurrent protective devices serving the essential electrical system shall be coordinated for the period of time that a fault's duration extends beyond 0.1 second.
Exception No. 1: Coordination shall not be required between trans- former primary and secondary overcurrent protective devices where only one overcurrent protective device or set of overcurrent protective devices exists on the transformer secondary.
Exception No. 2: Coordination shall not be required between overcur- rent protective devices of the same size (ampere rating) in series.
Informational Note No. 1: The terins coordination and coordinated as used in this section do not cover the full range of overcurrent conditions.
Informational Note No. 2: See 517.17(C) for infonnation on requirements for the coordination of ground-fault protection.
517.32 Branches Requiring Automatic Connection.
(A) Life Safety and Critical Branch Used in a Type 1 EES. Those functions of patient care depending on lighting or appli- ances that are connected to the essential electrical system shall
be divided into the life safety branch and the critical branch, as described in 517.33 and 517.34.
(B) Life Safety and Critical Branch Used in a Type 2 EES. The life safety and critical branches shall be installed and connec- ted to the alternate power source specified in 517.41(A) and (B) so that all functions specified hercin for the life safety and critical branches are automatically restored to operation within 10 seconds after interruption of the normal source. [99:6.7.5.3.1]
517.33 Life Safety Branch. The life safety branch shall be limi- ted to circuits essential to life safety. [99:6.7.5.1.2.3]
No functions other than those listed in 517.33(A) through (H) shall be connected to the life safety branch. The life safety branch shall supply power as follows:
(A) Illumination of Means of Egress. Illumination of means of egress such as lighting required for corridors, passageways, stairways, and landings at exit doors, and all necessary ways of approach to exits. Switching arrangements to transfer patient corridor lighting in hospitals from general illumination circuits to night illumination circuits shall be permitted, if only one of two circuits can be selected and both circuits cannot be extin- guished at the same time.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, Sections 7.8 and 7.9.
(B) Exit Signs. Exit signs and exit directional signs.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, Section 7.10.
(C) Alarm and Alerting Systems. Alarm and alerting systems including the following:
(1) Fire alarm systems
(2) Alarm and alerting systems (other than fire alarm systems) shall be connected to the life safety branch or critical branch. [99:6.7.5.1.2.5]
(3) Alarms for systems used for the piping of nonflammable medical gases
(4) Mechanical, control, and other accessories required for effective life safety systems operation shall be permitted to be connected to the life safety branch.
(D) Communications Systems. Hospital communications systems, where used for issuing instructions during emergency conditions. [99:6.7.5.1.2.4(3)]
(E) Generator Set Locations. Generator set locations as follows:
(1) Task illumination
(2) Battery charger for emergency battery-powered lighting unit(s)
(3) Select receptacles at the generator set location and essen- tial electrical system transfer switch locations [99:6.7.5.1.2.4(4) ]
(F) Generator Set Accessories. Loads dedicated to a specific generator, including the fuel transfer pump(s), ventilation fans, electrically operated louvers, controls, cooling system, and other generator accessories essential for generator operation, shall be connected to the life safety branch or to the output terminals of the generator with overcurrent protective devices. [99:6.7.5.1.2.6]
70-472
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
517.35
ARTICLE 517 -HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
(G) Elevators. Elevator cab lighting, control, communications, and signal systems. [99:6.7.5.1.2.4(5)]
(H) Automatic Doors. Electrically powered doors used for building egress. [99:6.7.5.1.2.4(6)]
517.34 Critical Branch.
(A) Task Illumination, Fixed Equipment, and Select Recepta- cles. The critical branch shall supply power for task illumina- tion, fixed equipment, select receptacles, and select power circuits serving the following spaces and functions related to patient carc:
(1) Category 1 spaces where deep sedation or general ancs- thesia is administered, task illumination, select recepta- cles, and fixed equipment
(2) Task illumination and select receptacles in the following:
a. Patient care spaces, including infant nurseries, selec- ted acute nursing arcas, psychiatric bed arcas (omit receptacles), and ward treatment rooms
b. Medication preparation spaces
c. Pharmacy dispensing spaces
d. Nurses' stations - unless adequately lighted by corri- dor luminaires
(3) Additional specialized patient care task illumination and receptacles, where needed
(4) Nurse call systems
(5) Blood, bonc, and tissue banks
(6) Telecommunications entrance facility, telecommunica- tions equipment rooms, and telecommunication rooms and equipment in these rooms
(7) Task illumination, select receptacles, and select power circuits for the following arca.s:
a. Category 1 or 2 spaces with at least one duplex recep- tacle per patient bed location, and task illumination as required by the governing body of the health care facility
b. Angiographic labs
c. Cardiac catheterization labs
d. Coronary care units
c. Hemodialysis rooms or arcas
f. Emergency room treatment areas (select)
g. Human physiology labs
h. Intensive care units
i. Postoperative recovery rooms (select)
(8) Clinical IT-network equipment
(9) Wireless phone and paging equipment for clinical staff communications
(10) Additional task illumination, receptacles, and select power circuits needed for effective facility operation, including single-phase fractional horsepower motors, which are permitted to be connected to the critical branch
[99:6.7.5.1.3.2]
(B) Switching. It shall be permitted to control task illumina- tion on the critical branch.
(C) Subdivision of the Critical Branch. The critical branch shall be permitted to be subdivided into two or more branches. [99:6.7.5.1.3.1]
Informational Note: It is important to analyze the consequences of supplying an area with only critical branch power when fail- ure occurs between the area and the transfer switch. Some
proportion of normal and critical power or critical power from separate transfer switches might be appropriate.
517.35 Equipment Branch Connection to Alternate Power Source. The equipment branch shall be installed and connec- ted to the alternate power source such that the equipment described in 517.35(A) is automatically restored to operation at appropriate time-lag intervals following the energizing of the life safety and critical branches. [99:6.7.5.1.4.2(A) ]
The arrangement of the connection to the alternate power source shall also provide for the subsequent connection of equipment described in 517.35(B). [99:6.7.5.1.4.2(B)]
Exception: For essential electrical systems under 150 kVA, deletion of the time-lag intervals feature for delayed automatic connection to the equipment system shall be permitted.
(A) Equipment for Delayed Automatic Connection. The following equipment shall be permitted to be arranged for delayed automatic connection to the alternate power source:
(1) Central suction systems serving medical and surgical func- tions, including controls, with such suction systems permitted to be placed on the critical branch
(2) Sump pumps and other equipment required to operate for the safety of major apparatus, including associated control systems and alarms
(3) Compressed air systems serving medical and surgical functions, including controls with such air systems : permitted to be placed on the critical branch
(4) Smoke control and stair pressurization systems
(5) Kitchen hood supply or exhaust systems, or both, if required to operate during a fire in or under the hood
(6) Supply, return, and exhaust ventilating systems for the following:
a. Airborne infectious/isolation rooms
b. Protective environment rooms
c. Exhaust fans for laboratory fume hoods
d. Nuclear medicine arcas where radioactive material is used
c. Ethylene oxide evacuation
f. Anesthetic evacuation
[99:6.7.5.1.4.3(A) ]
Where delayed automatic connection is not appropri- atc, the ventilation systems specified in 517.35(A) (6) shall be permitted to be placed on the critical branch. [99:6.7.5.1.4.3(B)]
(7) Supply, return, and exhaust ventilating systems for operat- ing and delivery rooms
(8) Supply, return, exhaust ventilating systems and/or air- conditioning systems serving telephone equipment rooms and closets and data cquipment rooms and closets
Exception: Sequential delayed automatic connection to the alter- nate power sourre to prevent overloading the generator shall be permitted where engineering studies indicate it is necessary.
(B) Equipment for Delayed Automatic or Manual Connection. The following equipment shall be permitted to be arranged for cither delayed automatic or manual connection to the alter- nate power source:
(1) Hcating equipment to provide heating for operating, delivery, labor, recovery, intensive care, coronary carc, nurseries, infection/isolation rooms, emergency treat- ment spaces, and general patient rooms and pressure
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-473
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
517.40
ARTICLE 517- HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
maintenance (jockey or make-up) pump(s) for water- based fire protection systems
Exception: Ileating of general patient rooms and infection/isolation rooms during disruption of the normal source shall not be required under any of the following conditions:
(1) The outside design temperature is higher than -6.7 (20ºF).
(2) The outside design temperature is lower than -6.7 (20ºF), and where a selected room(s) is provided for the needs of all confined patients, only such mom(s) need be heated.
(3) The facility is served by a dual sourre of normal power.
Informational Note No. 1: The design temperature is based on the 97.5 percent design value as shown in Chap- ter 24 of the ASHRAE Handbook of Fundamentals (2013).
Informational Note No. 2: See 517.30(C) for a description of a dual source of nonnal power.
(2) An elevator(s) selected to provide service to patient, surgical, obstetrical, and ground floors during interrup- tion of normal power. In instances where interruption of normal power would result in other elevators stopping between floors, throw-over facilities shall be provided to allow the temporary operation of any elevator for the release of patients or other persons who may be confined between floors.
(3) Hyperbaric facilities.
(4) Hypobaric facilities.
(5) Automatically operated doors.
(6) Minimal electrically heated autoclaving equipment shall be permitted to be arranged for cither automatic or manual connection to the alternate source.
(7) Controls for equipment listed in 517.35.
(8) Other selected equipment shall be permitted to be served by the equipment system. [99:6.7.5.1.4.4]
517.40 Type 2 Essential Electrical Systems.
Informational Note No. 1: Nursing homes and other limited care facilities can contain Category 1 and/or Category 2 patient care spaces, depending on the design and type of care adminis- tered in the facility. For Category 1 spaces, see 517.29 through 517.35. For Category 2 spaces not served by Type. 1 essential electrical systems, see 517.40 through 517.44.
Informational Note No. 2: Type 2 essential electrical systems are comprised of two separate branches capable of supplying a limi- ted amount of lighting and power service that is considered essential for the protection of life and safety and effective opera- tion of the institution during the time normal electrical service is interrupted for any reason. These two separate branches are the life safety and equipment branches. The number of transfer switches to be used should be based upon reliability, design, and load considerations. Each branch of the essential electrical system should have one or more transfer switches. One transfer switch should be permitted to serve one or more branches in a facility with a maximum demand on the essential electrical system of 150 kVA (120 KW). [99:A.6.7.6.2.1]
(A) Applicability. The requirements of 517.40(C) through 517.44 shall apply to Category 2 spaces.
Exception: The requirements of 517.40(C) through 517.44 shall not apply to freestanding buildings used as nursing homes and limited care facilities if the following apply:
(1) Admitting and discharge policies are maintained that preclude the provision of care for any patient or resident who might need to be sustained by electrical life-support equipment.
(2) No surgical treatment requiring general anesthesia is offered.
(3) An automatic battery-operated system(s) or equipment shall be effective for at least 11/2 hours and is otherwise in accordance with 700.12 and that shall be capable of supplying lighting for exit lights, exit corridors, stairways, nursing stations, medical preparation areas, boiler rooms, and communications areas. This system shall also supply power to operate all alarn systems.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code.
(B) Category 1 Spaces in Inpatient Hospital Care Facilities. For those nursing homes and limited care facilities that admit patients who need to be sustained by electrical life-support equipment, the essential electrical system from the source to the portion of the facility where such patients are treated shall comply with the requirements of 517.29 through 517.35.
(C) Facilities Contiguous or Located on the Same Site with Hospitals. Nursing homes and limited care facilities that are contiguous or located on the same site with a hospital shall be permitted to have their essential electrical systems supplied by the hospital.
517.41 Required Power Sources.
(A) Independent Power Sources. Essential electrical systems (EES) shall have two or more independent sources (or sets of sources). One on-site source (or sets of sources) shall be sized to supply the entire EES. The other independent source (or sets of sources) shall be sized to supply the entire EES and shall be permitted to be located on-site or off-site. Additional sour- ces other than the first two independent sources shall be permitted to be sized to supply the intended load.
Informational Note: An example of a set of sources may be several generators that combined serve the entire EES.
(B) Location of EES Components. EES components shall be located to minimize interruptions caused by natural forces common to the arca (c.g., storms, floods, carthquakes, or hazards created by adjoining structures or activities). [99:6.2.4.1]
Installations of electrical services shall be located to reduce possible interruption of normal electrical services resulting from similar causes as well as possible disruption of normal electrical service due to internal wiring and equipment failures. [99:6.2.4.2]
Feeders shall be located to provide physical separation of the feeders of the alternate source and from the feeders of the normal electrical source to prevent possible simultancous inter- ruption. [99:6.2.4.3]
517.42 Essential Electrical Systems for Nursing Homes and Limited Care Facilities.
(A) General. The [Type 2] essential electrical system shall be divided into the following two branches:
(1) Life safety branch
(2) Equipment branch [99:6.7.6.2.1.2]
The division between the branches shall occur at transfer switches where more than one transfer switch is required. [99:6.7.2.2.1]
Informational Note No. 1: Type 2 essential electrical systems are comprised of two separate branches capable of supplying a limi- ted amount of lighting and power service that is considered essential for the protection of life and safety and effective opera-
70-474
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 517 -HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
517.43
tion of the institution during the time normal electrical service is interrupted for any reason. These two separate branches are the life safety and equipment branches. [99:A.6.7.6.2.1]
Informational Note No. 2: The number of transfer switches to be used should be based upon reliability, design, and load considerations. Each branch of the essential electrical system should have one or more transfer switches. One transfer switch should be permitted to serve one or more branches in a facility with a maximum demand on the essential electrical system of 150 kVA (120 KW). [99:A.6.7.6.2.1]
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facili- ties Code, 6.7.2.2, for more information.
(B) Transfer Switches. The number of transfer switches to be used shall be based upon reliability, design, and load considera- tions. [99:6.7.2.2.3]
Transfer switches shall be in accordance with one of the following:
(1) Each branch of the essential electrical system shall have one or more transfer switches. [99:6.7.2.2.3.1]
(2) Onc transfer switch shall be permitted to serve one or more branches in a facility with a continuous load on the switch of 150 kVA (120 kW) or less. [99:6.7.2.2.3.2]
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facili- ties Code, 6.7.2.2.4, 6.7.2.2.5, 6.7.2.2.5.15, and 6.7.2.2.7 for more information on transfer switches.
Informational Note No. 2: See Infonnational Note Figure 517.42(B)(1).
Informational Note No. 3: See Infonnational Note Figure 517.42(B)(2).
(C) Capacity of System. The essential electrical system shall have capacity to meet the demand for the operation of all func- tions and equipment to be served by cach branch at one time.
(D) Separation from Other Circuits. The life safety branch and equipment branch shall be kept entirely independent of all other wiring and equipment. [99:6.7.6.3.1]
Normal power source 2
Alternate power source
Nonessential loads
Automatic switching equipment
Life safety branch
Delayed automatic switching equipment
Equipment branch
Essential electrical system
Informational Note Figure 517.42(B)(1) Type 2 Essential Electrical Systems (Nursing Home and Limited Health Care Facilities) - Minimum Requirement (Greater Than 150 kVA) for Transfer Switch Arrangement.
Normal power source
Alternate power source
Nonessential loads
Automatic switching equipment
Equipment branch
Life safety branch
Essential electrical system
Informational Note Figure 517.42(B)(2) Type 2 Essential Electrical Systems (Nursing Home and Limited Health Care Facilities) - Minimum Requirement (150 kVA or Less) for Transfer Switch Arrangement.
These circuits shall not enter the same raceways, boxes, or cabinets with other wiring except as follows:
(1) In transfer switches
(2) In cxit or emergency luminaires supplied from two sour- ccs
(3) In a common junction box attached to exit or emergency luminaires supplied from two sources
(E) Receptacle Identification. The electrical receptacles or the cover plates for the electrical receptacles supplied from the life safety or equipment branches shall have a distinctive color or marking so as to be readily identifiable. [99:6.7.6.3.2]
Informational Note: If color is used to identify these receptacles, the same color should be used throughout the facility. [99:A.6.7.6.3.2]
517.43 Automatic Connection to Life Safety and Equipment Branch. The life safety and equipment branches shall be installed and connected to the alternate source of power speci- ficd in 517.41 so that all functions specified herein for the life safety and equipment branches are automatically restored to operation within 10 seconds after interruption of the normal source. [99:6.7.6.4.1]
No functions other than those listed in 517.43(A) through (G) shall be connected to the life safety branch. [99:6.7.6.2.1.5(D) ]
The life safety branch shall supply power as follows:
(A) Illumination of Means of Egress. Illumination of means of egress as is necessary for corridors, passageways, stairways, land- ings, and exit doors and all ways of approach to cxits. Switching arrangement to transfer patient corridor lighting from general illumination circuits shall be permitted if only one of two circuits can be selected and both circuits cannot be extin- guished at the same time.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, Sections 7.8 and 7.9.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-475
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
517.43
ARTICLE 517- HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
(B) Exit Signs. Exit signs and exit directional signs.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, Section 7.10.
(C) Alarm and Alerting Systems. Alarm and alerting systems, including the following:
(1) Fire alarms
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, Sections 9.6 and 18.3.4.
(2) Alarms required for systems used for the piping of nonflammable medical gases
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facili- ties Code, 6.7.5.1.2.5.
(D) Communications Systems. Communications systems, where used for issuing instructions during emergency condi- tions. [99:6.7.5.1.2.4(3)]
(E) Generator Set Location. Task illumination and select receptacles at the generator set location and essential electrical system transfer switch locations.
(F) Elevators. Elevator cab lighting, control, communications, and signal systems. [99:6.7.5.1.2.4(5)]
(G) AC Equipment for Nondelayed Automatic Connection. Generator accessories, including, but not limited to, the trans- fer fuel pump, electrically operated louvers, and other genera- tor accessories essential for generator operation shall be arranged for automatic connection to the alternate power source. [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(C)]
517.44 Connection to Equipment Branch. The equipment branch shall be installed and connected to the alternate power source such that equipment described in 517.35(A) (6) is auto- matically restored to operation at appropriate time-lag intervals following the energizing of the life safety and critical branches. [99:6.7.5.1.4.2(A) ]
The equipment branch arrangement shall also provide for the additional connection of equipment listed in 517.44(B).
Exception: For essential electrical systems under 150 kVA, deletion of the time-lag intervals feature for delayed automatic connection to the equipment branch shall be permitted.
(A) Delayed Automatic Connections to Equipment Branch. The following equipment shall be permitted to be connected to the equipment branch and shall be arranged for delayed automatic connection to the alternate power source:
(1) Task illumination and select receptacles in the following: [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (1)]
a. Patient care spaces [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (1) (a)]
b. Medication preparation spaces [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (1) (b)]
c. Pharmacy dispensing space [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (1) (c)]
d. Nurses' stations - unless adequately lighted by corri- dor luminaires [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D)(1)(d)]
(2) Supply, return, and exhaust ventilating systems for airborne infectious isolation rooms [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (2)]
(3) Sump pumps and other equipment required to operate for the safety of major apparatus and associated control systems and alarms [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (3)]
(4) Smoke control and stair pressurization systems [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (4)]
(5) Kitchen hood supply or exhaust systems, or both, if required to operate during a fire in or under the hood [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (5)]
(6) Nurse call systems [99:6.7.6.2.1.6(D) (6)]
(B) Delayed-Automatic or Manual Connection to the Equip- ment Branch. The equipment specified in 517.44(B) (1) through (B) (4) shall be permitted to be connected to the equipment branch and shall be arranged for cither delayed- automatic or manual connection to the alternate power source.
(1) Heating Equipment to Provide Heating for General Patient Rooms. Heating of general patient rooms during disruption of the normal source shall not be required under any of the following conditions:
(1) The outside design temperature is higher than -6.7 (20°F).
(2) The outside design temperature is lower than -6.7 (20°F) and, where a selected room(s) is provided for the needs of all confined patients, then only such room(s) need be heated.
(3) The facility is served by a dual source of normal power as described in 517.30(C), Informational Notc.
Informational Note: The outside design temperature is based on the 97.5 percent design values, as shown in Chapter 24 of the ASHRAE Handbook of Fundamentals (2013).
(2) Elevator Service. In instances where interruptions of power would result in elevators stopping between floors, throw- over facilities shall be provided to allow the temporary opera- tion of any elevator for the release of passengers.
(3) . Optional Connections to the Equipment Branch. Addi- tional illumination, receptacles, and equipment shall be permitted to be connected only to the equipment branch.
(4) Multiple Systems. Where one switch serves multiple systems as permitted in 517.43, transfer for all loads shall be nondelayed automatic.
[99:6.7.6.2.1.6(E)]
Informational Note: See 517.43(G) for elevator cab lighting, control, and signal system requirements. [99:A.6.7.6.2.1.6(E) (2)]
517.45 Essential Electrical Systems for Other Health Care Facilities.
(A) Essential Electrical Distribution. If required by the govern- ing body, the essential electrical distribution system for Cate- gory 3 patient care spaces shall be comprised of an alternate power system capable of supplying a limited amount of lighting and power service for the orderly cessation of procedures during a time normal electrical service is interrupted.
Informational Note: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facilities Code.
(B) Electrical Life Support Equipment. Where electrical life support equipment is required, the essential electrical distribu- tion system shall be as described in 517.29 through 517.30.
(C) Category 1 Patient Care Spaces. Where Category 1 patient care spaces are present, the essential electrical distribution system shall be in accordance with 517.29 through 517.30.
(D) Category 2 Patient Care Spaces. Where Category 2 patient care spaces are present, the essential electrical distribution system shall be in accordance with 517.40 through 517.45.
70-476
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
517.61
ARTICLE 517 -HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
(E) Power Systems. If required, alternate power sources acceptable to the governing body shall comply with the require- ments of NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facilities Code.
Part IV. Inhalation Anesthetizing Locations
Informational Note: See NFPA 99-2021, Health Care Facilities Code, for further information regarding safeguards for anesthe- tizing locations.
517.60 Anesthetizing Location Classification.
Informational Note: See 517.20 if either of the anesthetizing locations in 517.60(A) or 517.60(B) is designated a wet proce- dure location.
(A) Hazardous (Classified) Location.
(1) Use Location. In a location where flammable anesthetics arc employed, the entire arca shall be considered to be a Class I, Division 1 location that extends upward to a level 1.52 m (5 ft) above the floor. The remaining volume up to the structural ceiling is considered to be above a hazardous (classi- ficd) location.
(2) Storage Location. Any room or location in which flamma- ble anesthetics or volatile flammable disinfecting agents are stored shall be considered to be a Class I, Division 1 location from floor to ceiling.
(B) Unclassified Location. Any inhalation ancsthetizing loca- tion designated for the exclusive use of nonflammable anesthe- tizing agents shall be considered to be an unclassified location.
517.61 Wiring and Equipment.
(A) Within Hazardous (Classified) Anesthetizing Locations.
(1) Isolation. Except as permitted in 517.160, cach power circuit within, or partially within, a flammable anesthetizing location as referred to in 517.60 shall be isolated from any distribution system by the use of an isolated power system.
(2) Design and Installation. Where an isolated power system is utilized, the isolated power equipment shall be listed as isolated power equipment, and the isolated power system shall be designed and installed in accordance with 517.160.
(3) Equipment Operating at More Than 10 Volts. In hazardous (classified) locations referred to in 517.60, all fixed wiring and equipment and all portable equipment, including lamps and other utilization equipment, operating at more than 10 volts between conductors shall comply with the requirements of 501.1 through 501.25, and 501.100 through 501.150, and 501.30(A) and (B) for Class I, Division 1 locations. All such equipment shall be specifically approved for the hazardous atmospheres involved.
(4) Extent of Location. Where a box, fitting, or enclosure is partially, but not entirely, within a hazardous (classificd) loca- tion(s), the hazardous (classificd) location(s) shall be consid- cred to be extended to include the entire box, fitting, or enclosure.
(5) Receptacles and Attachment Plugs. Receptacles and attachment plugs in a hazardous (classificd) location(s) shall be listed for use in Class I, Group C hazardous (classificd) loca- tions and shall have provision for the connection of an equip- ment grounding conductor.
(6) Flexible Cord Type. Flexible cords used in hazardous (classificd) locations for connection to portable utilization equipment, including lamps operating at more than 8 volts between conductors, shall be of a type approved for extra-hard usage in accordance with Table 400.4 and shall include an addi- tional equipment grounding conductor.
(7) Flexible Cord Storage. A storage device for the flexible cord shall be provided and shall not subject the cord to bend- ing at a radius of less than 75 mm (3 in.).
(B) Above Hazardous (Classified) Anesthetizing Locations.
(1) Wiring Methods. Wiring above a hazardous (classified) location referred to in 517.60 shall be installed in rigid metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, intermediate metal conduit, Type MI cable, or Type MC cable that employs a continuous, gas/vaportight metal sheath.
(2) Equipment Enclosure. Installed equipment that may produce arcs, sparks, or particles of hot metal, such as lamps and lampholders for fixed lighting, cutouts, switches, genera- tors, motors, or other equipment having make-and-break or sliding contacts, shall be of the totally enclosed type or bc constructed so as to prevent escape of sparks or hot metal parti- cles.
Exception: Wall-mounted receptacles installed above the hazardous (classified) location in flammable anesthetizing locations shall not be required to be totally enclosed or have openings guarded or screened to prevent dispersion of particles.
(3) Luminaires. Surgical and other luminaires shall conform to 501.130(B).
Exception No. 1: The surface temperature limitations set forth in 501.130(B)( 1) shall not apply.
Exception No. 2: Integral or pendant switches that are located above and cannot be lowered into the hazardous (classified) location(s) shall not be required to be explosionproof.
(4) Seals. Listed scals shall be provided in conformance with 501.15, and 501.15(A) (4) shall apply to horizontal as well as to vertical boundaries of the defined hazardous (classified) loca- tions.
(5) Receptacles and Attachment Plugs. Receptacles and attachment plugs located above hazardous (classified) anesthe- tizing locations shall be listed for hospital use for services of prescribed voltage, frequency, rating, and number of conduc- tors with provision for the connection of the equipment grounding conductor. This requirement shall apply to attach- ment plugs and receptacles of the 2-pole, 3-wire grounding type for single-phase, 120-volt, nominal, ac service.
(6) 250-Volt Receptacles and Attachment Plugs Rated 50 and 60 Amperes. Receptacles and attachment plugs rated 250 volts, for connection of 50-ampere and 60-ampere ac medical equip- ment for use above hazardous (classified) locations, shall be arranged so that the 60-ampere receptacle will accept cither the 50-ampere or the 60-ampere plug. Fifty-ampere receptacles shall be designed so as not to accept the 60-ampere attachment plug. The attachment plugs shall be of the 2-pole, 3-wire design with a third contact connecting to the insulated (green or green with yellow stripe) equipment grounding conductor of the electrical system.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-477
517.61
ARTICLE 517- HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
(C) Unclassified Anesthetizing Locations.
(1) Wiring Methods. Wiring serving unclassified locations, as defined in 517.60, shall be installed in a metal raceway system or cable assembly. The metal raceway system or cable armor or shcath assembly shall qualify as an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.118. Typc MC and Type MI cable shall have an outer metal armor, sheath, or sheath assem- bly that is identified as an equipment grounding conductor.
Exception: Pendant receptacle installations that employ listed Type SJO or equivalent hard usage of extra-hard usage, flexible cords suspended not less than 1.8 m (6 ft) from the floor shall not be required to be installed in a metal raceway or cable assembly.
(2) Receptacles and Attachment Plugs. Receptacles and attachment plugs installed and used in unclassified locations shall be listed "hospital grade" for services of prescribed volt- age, frequency, rating, and number of conductors with provi- sion for connection of the equipment grounding conductor. This requirement shall apply to 2-pole, 3-wire grounding type for single-phase, 120-, 208-, or 240-volt, nominal, ac service.
(3) 250-Volt Receptacles and Attachment Plugs Rated 50 Amperes and 60 Amperes. Receptacles and attachment plugs rated 250 volts, for connection of 50-ampere and 60- ampere ac medical equipment for use in unclassified locations, shall be arranged so that the 60-ampere receptacle will accept cither the 50-ampere or the 60-ampere plug. Fifty-ampere receptacles shall be designed so as not to accept the 60-ampere attachment plug. The attachment plugs shall be of the 2-polc, 3-wire design with a third contact connecting to the insulated (green or green with yellow stripe) equipment grounding conductor of the electrical system.
517.62 Grounding. In any ancsthetizing arca, all metal race- ways and metal-shcathed cables and all normally non-current- carrying conductive portions of fixed electrical equipment shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor. Ground- ing and bonding in Class I locations shall comply with 501.30.
Exception: Equipment operating at not more than 10 volts between conductors shall not be required to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor.
517.63 Grounded Power Systems in Anesthetizing Locations.
(A) Battery-Powered Lighting Units. One or more battery- powered lighting units shall be provided and shall be permitted to be wired to the critical lighting circuit in the area and connected ahead of any local switches.
(B) Branch-Circuit Wiring. Branch circuits supplying only listed, fixed, therapeutic and diagnostic equipment, perma- nently installed above the hazardous (classified) location and in unclassified locations, shall be permitted to be supplied from a normal grounded service, single- or three-phase system, provided the following apply:
(1) Wiring for grounded and isolated circuits does not occupy the same raceway or cable.
(2) All conductive surfaces of the equipment are connected to an cquipment grounding conductor.
(3) Equipment (except enclosed X-ray tubes and the leads to the tubes) is located at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above the floor or outside the anesthetizing location.
(4) Switches for the grounded branch circuit are located outside the hazardous (classified) location.
Exception: Sections 517.63(B)(3) and (B)(4) shall not apply in unclassified locations.
(C) Fixed Lighting Branch Circuits. Branch circuits supplying only fixed lighting shall be permitted to be supplied by a normal grounded service, provided the following apply:
(1) Such luminaires are located at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above the floor.
(2) All conductive surfaces of luminaires are connected to an equipment grounding conductor.
(3) Wiring for circuits supplying power to luminaires docs not occupy the same raceway or cable for circuits supply- ing isolated power.
(4) Switches are wall-mounted and located above hazardous (classified) locations.
Exception: Sections 517.63(C)(1) and (C)(4) shall not apply in unclassified locations.
(D) Remote-Control Stations. Wall-mounted remote-control stations for remote-control switches operating at 24 volts or less shall be permitted to be installed in any anesthetizing location.
(E) Location of Isolated Power Systems. Where an isolated power system is utilized, the isolated power equipment shall be listed as isolated power equipment. Isolated power system equipment and its supply circuit shall be permitted to be loca- ted in an anesthetizing location, provided it is installed above a hazardous (classified) location or in an unclassified location.
(F) Circuits in Anesthetizing Locations. Except as permitted above, cach power circuit within, or partially within, a flamma- ble anesthetizing location as referred to in 517.60 shall be isola- ted from any distribution system supplying other-than- anesthetizing locations.
517.64 Low-Voltage Equipment and Instruments.
(A) Equipment Requirements. Low-voltage equipment that is frequently in contact with the bodies of persons or has exposed current-carrying clements shall comply with one of the follow- ing:
(1) Operate on an electrical potential of 10 volts or less
(2) Be approved as intrinsically safe or double-insulated cquipment
(3) Be moisture resistant
(B) Power Supplies. Power shall be supplied to low-voltage equipment from one of the following:
(1) An individual portable isolating transformer (autotrans- formers shall not be used) connected to an isolated power circuit receptacle by means of an appropriate cord and attachment plug
(2) A common low-voltage isolating transformer installed in an unclassified location
(3) Individual dry-cell batteries
(4) Common batteries made up of storage cells located in an unclassified location
(C) Isolated Circuits. Isolating-type transformers for supplying low-voltage circuits shall have both of the following:
(1) Approved means for insulating the secondary circuit from the primary circuit
(2) The core and case connected to an equipment grounding conductor
70-478
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
517.74
ARTICLE 517-HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
(D) Controls. Resistance or impedance devices shall be permitted to control low-voltage equipment but shall not be used to limit the maximum available voltage to the equipment.
(E) Battery-Powered Appliances. Battery-powered appliances shall not be capable of being charged while in operation unless their charging circuitry incorporates an integral isolating-type transformer.
(F) Receptacles or Attachment Plugs. Any receptacle or attachment plug used on low-voltage circuits shall be of a type that does not permit interchangeable connection with circuits of higher voltage.
Informational Note: Any interruption of the circuit, even circuits as low as 10 volts, either by any switch or loose or defec- tive connections anywhere in the circuit, may produce a spark that is sufficient to ignite flammable anesthetic agents.
Part V. Diagnostic Imaging and Treatment Equipment
517.70 Applicability. Nothing in this part shall be construed as specifying safeguards against possible radiation or magnetic fields.
Informational Note No. 1: Radiation safety and performance requirements of several classes of X-ray equipment are regulated under Public Law 90-602 and are enforced by the Department of Health and Human Services.
Informational Note No. 2: Information on radiation protection by the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measure- ments is published as Reports of the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurement. These reports are obtainable from NCRP Publications, P.O. Box 30175, Washington, DC 20014.
Informational Note No. 3: Examples of diagnostic imaging equipment can include, but are not limited to, the following:
(1) General radiographic (X-ray) equipment (mobile and fixed)
(2) General fluoroscopic equipment (mobile and fixed)
(3) Interventional equipment (mobile and fixed)
(4) Bone mineral density equipment
(5) Dental equipment
(6) Computerized tomography (CT) equipment
(7) Positron emission tomography (PET) equipment
(8) Nuclear medicine equipment
(9) Mammography equipment
(10) Magnetic resonance (MR) equipment
(11) Diagnostic ultrasound equipment
(12) Electrocardiogram equipment
Informational Note No. 4: Examples of treatment equipment can include, but are not limited to, the following:
(1) Linear accelerators
(2) Gamma knife
(3) Cyber knife
(4) Proton therapy
(5) Tomotherapy
517.71 Connection to Supply Circuit.
(A) Fixed and Stationary Diagnostic Imaging and Treatment Equipment. Fixed and stationary diagnostic imaging and treat- ment equipment shall be connected to the power supply by means of a wiring method complying with applicable require- ments of Chapters 1 through 4 of this Code, as modified by this article.
Exception: Equipment properly supplied by a branch circuit rated at not over 30 amperes shall be permitted to be supplied through a suitable attachment plug and hard-service cable or cord.
(B) Portable, Mobile, and Transportable Diagnostic Imaging and Treatment Equipment. Individual branch circuits shall not be required for portable, mobile, and transportable medical diagnostic imaging and treatment equipment requiring a capacity of not over 60 amperes.
(C) Over 1000-Volt Supply. Circuits and equipment operated on a supply circuit of over 1000 volts shall comply with Parts I through IV of Article 490.
517.72 Disconnecting Means.
(A) Capacity. A disconnecting means rated for at least 50 percent of the input required for the momentary rating or 100 percent of the input required for the long-time rating of the diagnostic imaging and treatment equipment, whichever is greater, shall be provided in the supply circuit.
(B) Location. The disconnecting means shall be operable from a location readily accessible from the control location.
(C) Portable, Mobile, and Transportable Diagnostic Imaging and Treatment Equipment. For equipment connected to a 120- volt branch circuit of 30 amperes or less, a grounding-type attachment plug and receptacle of proper rating shall be permitted to serve as a disconnecting means.
517.73 Rating of Supply Conductors and Overcurrent Protec- tlon.
(A) Branch Circuits. The ampacity of supply branch-circuit conductors and the current rating of overcurrent protective devices shall not be less than 50 percent of the momentary rating or 100 percent of the long-time rating, whichever is greater.
(B) Feeders. The ampacity of supply feeders and the current rating of overcurrent protective devices supplying two or more branch circuits supplying diagnostic imaging and treatment equipment shall not be less than 50 percent of the momentary demand rating of the largest unit, plus 25 percent of the momentary demand rating of the next largest unit, plus 10 percent of the momentary demand rating of cach additional unit.
Informational Note No. 1: The minimum conductor size for branch and feeder circuits is also governed by voltage regulation requirements. For a specific installation, the manufacturer usually specifies minimum distribution transformer and conduc- tor sizes, rating of disconnecting means, and overcurrent protec- tion.
Informational Note No. 2: The ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors and the ratings of disconnecting means and overcur- rent protection for diagnostic imaging and treatment equip- ment are usually designated by the manufacturer for the specific installation.
517.74 Control Circuit Conductors.
(A) Number of Conductors in Raceway. The number of control circuit conductors installed in a raceway shall be deter- mined in accordance with 300.17.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-479
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
517.74
ARTICLE 517- HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
(B) Minimum Size of Conductors. Size 18 AWG or 16 AWG fixture wires in accordance with 724.49 and flexible cords shall be permitted for the control and operating circuits of diagnos- tic imaging and treatment equipment and auxiliary equipment where protected by not larger than 20-ampere overcurrent devices.
517.76 Transformers and Capacitors. Transformers and capac- itors that are part of diagnostic imaging and treatment equip- ment shall not be required to comply with Parts I and II of Articles 450 and 460.
Capacitors shall be mounted within enclosures of insulating material or grounded metal.
517.77 Installation of Cables with Grounded Shields. Cables with grounded shields shall be permitted to be installed in cable trays or cable troughs along with control and power supply conductors without the need for barriers to separate the wiring.
517.78 Guarding and Grounding.
(A) High-Voltage Parts. All high-voltage parts shall be moun- ted within grounded enclosures. The connection from the high-voltage equipment to other high-voltage components shall be made with high-voltage shielded cables.
(B) Low-Voltage Cables. Low-voltage cables connecting to oil- filled units that are not completely scaled, such as transform- ers, condensers, oil coolers, and high-voltage switches, shall have insulation of the oil-resistant type.
(C) Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts. Non-current-carrying metal parts of diagnostic imaging and treatment equipment (c.g., controls, tables, transformer tanks, shielded cables) shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with Part VII of Article 250, as modified by 517.13(A) and (B).
Part VI. Communications, Signaling Systems, Data Systems, Fire Alarm Systems, and Systems Less Than 120 Volts, Nominal
517.80 Patient Care Spaces. Equivalent insulation and isola- tion to that required for the electrical distribution systems in patient care arcas shall be provided for communications, signaling systems, data system circuits, fire alarm systems, and systems less than 120 volts, nominal.
Class 2 and Class 3 signaling and communications systems, Class 2 circuits that transmit power and data to a powered device, and power-limited fire alarm systems shall not be required to comply with the grounding requirements of 517.13, to comply with the mechanical protection require- ments of 517.31 (C) (3) (5), or to be enclosed in raceways, unless otherwise specified by Chapters 7 or 8.
Secondary circuits of transformer-powered communications or signaling systems shall not be required to be enclosed in raceways unless otherwise specified by Chapters 7 or 8. [99:6.7.2.2.7]
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA C137.3-2017, American National Standard for Lighting Systems - Minimum Requirements for Installation of Energy Efficient Power over Ethernet (PoF.) Lighting Systems, for infonnation on installation of cables for PoE lighting systems.
517.81 Other-Than-Patient-Care Spaces. In other-than-patient- care spaces, installations shall be in accordance with other parts of this Code.
517.82 Signal Transmission Between Appliances.
(A) General. Permanently installed signal cabling from an appliance in a patient location to remote appliances shall employ a signal transmission system that prevents hazardous grounding interconnection of the appliances.
Informational Note: See 517.13(A) for additional grounding requirements in patient care spaces.
(B) Common Signal Grounding Wire. Common signal ground- ing wires (i.c., the chassis ground for single-ended transmis- sion) shall be permitted to be used between appliances all located within the patient care vicinity, provided the appliances are served from the same reference grounding point.
Part VII. Isolated Power Systems 517.160 Isolated Power Systems.
(A) Installations.
(1) Isolated Power Circuits. Each isolated power circuit shall be controlled by a switch or circuit breaker that has a discon- necting pole in cach isolated circuit conductor to simultane- ously disconnect all power. Such isolation shall bc accomplished by means of one or more isolation transformers, by means of generator sets, or by means of electrically isolated batteries. Conductors of isolated power circuits shall not be installed in cables, raceways, or other enclosures containing conductors of another system.
(2) Circuit Characteristics. Circuits supplying primarics of isolating transformers shall operate at not more than 600 volts between conductors and shall be provided with proper overcur- rent protection. The secondary voltage of such transformers shall not exceed 600 volts between conductors of cach circuit. All circuits supplied from such secondaries shall be ungroun- ded and shall have an approved overcurrent device of proper ratings in cach conductor. Circuits supplied directly from batteries or from motor generator sets shall be ungrounded and shall be protected against overcurrent in the same manner as transformer-fed secondary circuits. If an electrostatic shield is present, it shall be connected to the reference grounding point.
(3) Equipment Location. The isolating transformers, motor generator sets, batteries and battery chargers, and associated primary or secondary overcurrent devices shall not be installed in hazardous (classified) locations. The isolated secondary circuit wiring extending into a hazardous anesthetizing loca- tion shall be installed in accordance with 501.10.
(4) Isolation Transformers. An isolation transformer shall not serve more than one operating room except as covered in 517.160(A) (4) (a) and (A) (4) (b).
For purposes of this section, anesthetic induction rooms arc considered part of the operating room or rooms served by the induction rooms.
(a) Induction Rooms. Where an induction room serves more than one operating room, the isolated circuits of the induction room shall be permitted to be supplied from the
70-480
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
518.2
ARTICLE 518-ASSEMBLY OCCUPANCIES
isolation transformer of any one of the operating rooms served by that induction room.
(b) Iligher Voltages. Isolation transformers shall be permit- ted to serve single receptacles in several patient arcas where the following apply:
(1) The receptacles are reserved for supplying power to equipment requiring 150 volts or higher, such as portable X-ray units.
(2) The receptacles and mating plugs are not interchangea- ble with the receptacles on the local isolated power system.
(5) Conductor Identification. The isolated circuit conductors shall be identified as follows:
(1) Isolated Conductor No. 1 - Orange with at least one distinctive colored stripe other than white, green, or gray along the entire length of the conductor
(2) Isolated Conductor No. 2 - Brown with at least one distinctive colored stripe other than white, green, or gray along the entire length of the conductor
For 3-phase systems, the third conductor shall be identified as yellow with at least one distinctive colored stripe other than white, green, or gray along the entire length of the conductor. Where isolated circuit conductors supply 125-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere receptacles, the striped orange conduc- tor(s) shall be connected to the terminal(s) on the receptacles that are identified in accordance with 200.10(B) for connec- tion to the grounded circuit conductor.
(6) Wire-Pulling Compounds. Wirc-pulling compounds that increase the dielectric constant shall not be used on the secon- dary conductors of the isolated power supply.
Informational Note No. 1: It is desirable to limit the size of the isolation transformer to 10 kVA or less and to use conductor insulation with low leakage to meet impedance requirements.
Informational Note No. 2: Minimizing the length of branch- circuit conductors and using conductor insulations with a dielec- tric constant less than 3.5 and insulation resistance constant greater than 6100 megohm-meters (20,000 megohm-feet) at 16° (60ºF) reduces leakage from line to ground, reducing the hazard current.
(B) Line Isolation Monitor.
(1) Characteristics. In addition to the usual control and over- current protective devices, each isolated power system shall be provided with a listed continually operating line isolation moni- tor that indicates total hazard current. The monitor shall be designed such that a green signal lamp, conspicuously visible to persons in cach arca served by the isolated power system, remains lighted when the system is adequately isolated from ground. An adjacent red signal lamp and an audible warning signal (remote if desired) shall be energized when the total hazard current (consisting of possible resistive and capacitive leakage currents) from either isolated conductor to ground reaches a threshold value of 5 mA under nominal line voltage conditions. The line monitor shall not alarm for a fault hazard of less than 3.7 mA or for a total hazard current of less than 5 mA.
Exception: A system shall be permitted to be designed to operate at a lower threshold value of total hazard current. A line isolation monitor for such a system shall be permitted to be approved, with the provision that the fault hazard current shall be permitted to be reduced but not to less than 35 perrent of the corresponding threshold value of the total
hazard current, and the monitor hazard current is to be correspondingly reduced to not more than 50 percent of the alarm threshold value of the total hazard current.
(2) Impedance. The line isolation monitor shall be designed to have sufficient internal impedance such that, when properly connected to the isolated system, the maximum internal current that can flow through the line isolation monitor, when any point of the isolated system is grounded, shall be 1 mA.
Exception: The line isolation monitor shall be permitted to be of the low- impedance type such that the current through the line isolation monitor, when any point of the isolated system is grounded, will not exceed twice the alarm threshold value for a period not exceeding 5 milliseconds.
Informational Note: Reduction of the monitor hazard current, provided this reduction results in an increased "not alarm" threshold value for the fault hazard current, will increase circuit capacity.
(3) Ammeter. An ammeter calibrated in the total hazard current of the system (contribution of the fault hazard current plus monitor hazard current) shall be mounted in a plainly visi- ble place on the line isolation monitor with the "alarm on" zone at approximately the center of the scale.
Exception: The line isolation monitor shall be permitted to be a compo- site unit, with a sensing section cabled to a separate display panel section on which the alarm or test functions are located.
Informational Note: It is desirable to locate the ammeter so that it is conspicuously visible to persons in the anesthetizing loca- tion.
ARTICLE 518 Assembly Occupancies
518.1 Scope. Except for the assembly occupancies explicitly covered by 520.1, this article covers all buildings or portions of buildings or structures designed or intended for the gathering together of 100 or more persons for such purposes as delibera- tion, worship, entertainment, cating, drinking, amusement, awaiting transportation, or similar purposes.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, or the local building code for methods of detennining population capacity.
518.2 General Classification.
(A) Examples. Assemblyoccupancies shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(1) Armorics
(2) Assemblyhalls
(3) Auditoriums
(4) Bowling lancs
(5) Casinos and gaming facilities
(6) Club rooms
(7) Conference rooms
(8) Courtrooms
(9) Dance halls
(10) Dining and drinking facilities
(11) Exhibition halls
(12) Gymnasiums
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-481
518.2
ARTICLE 518- ASSEMBLY OCCUPANCIES
(13) Mortuary chapels
(14) Multipurpose rooms
(15) Muscums
(16) Places of awaiting transportation
(17) Places of religious worship
(18) Pool rooms
(19) Restaurants
(20) Skating rinks
(B) Multiple Occupancies. Where an assembly occupancy forms a portion of a building containing other occupancies, Article 518 applies only to that portion of the building consid- cred an assembly occupancy. Occupancy of any room or space for assemblypurposes by less than 100 persons in a building of other occupancy, and incidental to such other occupancy, shall be classified as part of the other occupancy.
(C) Theatrical Areas. Where any such building or structure, or portion of a building or structure, contains a projection booth or stage platform or arca for the presentation of theatrical or musical productions, cither fixed or portable, the wiring for that arca, including associated audience seating arcas, and all equipment that is used in the referenced arca, and portable equipment and wiring for use in the production that will not be connected to permanently installed wiring, shall comply with Article 520.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, or the local building code for methods of detennining population capacity.
518.3 Temporary Wiring. In exhibition halls used for display booths, as in trade shows, the temporary wiring shall be permit- ted to be installed in accordance with Article 590. Flexible cables and cords approved for hard or extra-hard usage shall be permitted to be laid on floors where protected from contact by the general public. The ground-fault circuit-interrupter requirements of 590.6 shall not apply. All other ground-fault circuit-interrupter requirements of this Code shall apply.
Where ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel is cord-and-plug-connected to the branch circuit or to the feeder, the ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection shall be listed as portable ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection or provide a level of protection equivalent to a port- able ground-fault circuit interrupter, whether assembled in the field or at the factory.
Exception: Where conditions of supervision and maintenance ensure that only qualified persons will service the installation, flexible cords or cables identified in Table 400.4 for hard usage or extra-hard usage shall be permitted in cable trays used only for temporary wiring. All cords or cables shall be installed in a single layer. A permanent sign shall be attached to the cable tray at intervals not to exceed 7.5 m (25 ft) and read a.s follows:
CABLE TRAY FOR TEMPORARY WIRING ONLY
518.4 Wiring Methods.
(A) General. The wiring method shall qualify as an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.118 or shall contain an equipment grounding conductor sized in accord- ance with Table 250.122, and shall be any of the following:
(1) Metal raceways
(2) Flexible metal raceways
(3) Nonmetallic raceways encased in not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete
(4) Type MI, Type VIC, or Type AC cable
(B) Communications, Signaling Systems, Data Systems, Fire Alarm Systems, and Systems Less Than 120 Volts, Nominal. Fixed wiring methods for specific installations shall be as follows:
(1) Audio signal processing, amplification, and reproduction equipment -640.9
(2) Communications systems - Part IV of Article 805 and Part VI of Article 840
(3) Class 2 and Class 3 remote control and signaling circuits - Article 725, Part III
(4) Class 2 circuits that transmit power, data, or both to a powered device
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA C137.3-2017, American National Standard for Lighting Systems - Minimum Requirements for Installation of Energy Efficient Power over Ethernet (PoF.) Lighting Systems, for information on installation of cables for PoE lighting systems. See Part III of Article 760 for information on fire alann circuits.
(C) Nonrated Construction. In addition to the wiring methods permitted by 518.4(A), nonmetallic-shcathed cable, electrical nonmetallic tubing, and rigid nonmetallic conduit shall be permitted to be installed in those buildings or portions of those buildings that are not required to be of fire-rated construction by the applicable building code.
Informational Note: Fire-rated construction is the fire-resistive classification used in building codes.
(D) Spaces with Finish Rating. Electrical nonmetallic tubing and rigid nonmetallic conduit shall be permitted to be instal- led in club rooms, conference and meeting rooms in hotels or motels, courtrooms, dining facilities, restaurants, mortuary chapels, museums, libraries, and places of religious worship where the following apply:
(1) The tubing or conduit is installed concealed within walls, floors, and ceilings where the walls, floors, and ceilings provide a thermal barrier of material that has at least a 15-minute finish rating as identified in listings of fire- rated as.semblics.
(2) The tubing or conduit is installed above suspended ceil- ings where the suspended ceilings provide a thermal barrier of material that has at least a 15-minute finish rating as identified in listings of fire-rated assemblies.
Electrical nonmetallic tubing and rigid nonmetallic conduit are not recognized for use in other space used for environmen- tal air in accordance with 300.22(C).
Informational Note: A finish rating is established for assemblies containing combustible (wood) supports. The finish rating is defined as the time at which the wood stud or wood joist reaches an average temperature rise of 121 (250°F) or an individual temperature rise of 163 (325°F) as measured on the plane of the wood nearest the fire. A finish rating is not intended to represent a rating for a membrane ceiling.
518.5 Supply. Portable switchboards, portable power distribu- tion equipment, and commercial appliance outlet centers shall be installed in accordance with 518.5(A) through (C).
(A) Power Outlets and Commercial Appliance Outlet Centers.
(1) Overcurrent Protection. Power outlets and commercial appliance outlet centers shall provide overcurrent protection or shall be protected by overcurrent devices.
70-482
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
520.9
ARTICLE 520 -THEATERS, MOTION PICTURE & TELEVISION STUDIOS, & SIMILAR LOCATIONS
(2) Accessibility. Overcurrent devices, power outlets, and commercial appliance outlet centers shall not be accessible to the general public.
(3) Equipment Grounding Conductor Connections. Connect- ing means for an equipment grounding conductor shall be provided.
(4) Markings. Power outlets and commercial appliance outlet centers shall be marked as follows:
FOR USE BY QUALIFIED PERSONS ONLY. RISK OF ELEC- TRIC SHOCK. Disconnect all power before servicing. Disconnecting means location:
(5) Panelboard Orientation. A panelboard installed in a listed commercial appliance outlet center designed for in-floor mounting shall be permitted to be orientated in the face-up position, if such orientation is part of the listing, and 408.43 shall not apply.
(B) Portable Switchboards and Portable Power Distribution Equipment. Portable switchboards and portable power distri- bution equipment shall be supplied only from listed power outlets or listed commercial appliance outlet centers, cach having sufficient voltage and ampere ratings.
(C) Neutral Conductor of Feeders Supplying Solid State Dimmer Systems. The neutral conductor of feeders supplying solid-state phase control, 3-phase, 4-wire dimmer systems shall be considered a current-carrying conductor for purposes of ampacity adjustment.
The neutral conductor of feeders supplying solid-state sine wave, 3-phase, 4-wire dimming systems shall not be considered a current-carrying conductor for purposes of ampacity adjust- ment.
Exception: The neutral conductor of feeders supplying systems that use or are capable of using both phase-control and sine-wave dimmers shall be considered as current-carrying for purposes of ampacity adjustment.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for definitions of solid-state dimmer types.
518.6 Illumination. Illumination shall be provided for all working spaces about fixed service equipment, switchboards, switchgear, panelboards, or motor control centers installed outdoors that serve assembly occupancies. Control by auto- matic means only shall not be permitted. Additional lighting outlets shall not be required where the workspace is illumina- ted by an adjacent light source.
ARTICLE 520 Theaters, Audience Areas of Motion Picture and Television Studios, Performance Areas, and Similar Locations
Part I. General
520.1 Scope. This article covers all buildings or that part of a building or structure, indoor or outdoor, designed or used for
presentation, dramatic, musical, motion picture projection, or similar purposes and to specific audience seating arcas within motion picture or television studios.
520.5 Wiring Methods.
(A) General. The fixed wiring method shall be any of the following:
(1) Metal raceways
(2) Nonmetallic raceways encased in at least 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete
(3) Type MI cable, Type MC cable, or Type AC cable contain- ing an insulated equipment grounding conductor sized in accordance with Table 250.122
(B) Communications, Signaling Systems, Data Systems, Fire Alarm Systems, and Systems Less Than 120 Volts, Nominal. Fixed wiring methods for specific installations shall be as follows:
(1) Audio signal processing, amplification, and reproduction equipment - 640.9
(2) Communications systems - Parts I and IV of Article 800, Part IV of Article 805, and Part VI of Article 840
(3) Class 2 and Class 3 remote control and signaling circuits - Part III of Article 725
(4) Class 2 circuits that transmit power, data, or both to a powered device
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA C137.3-2017, American National Standard for Lighting Systems - Minimum Requirements for Installation of Energy Efficient Power over Ethernet (PoF.) Lighting Systems, for infonnation on installation of cables for PoE lighting systems. See Part III of Article 760 for information on fire alann circuits.
(C) Portable Equipment. The wiring for portable switch- boards, stage set lighting, stage effects, and other wiring not fixed as to location shall be permitted with approved flexible cords and cables as provided elsewhere in Article 520. Fasten- ing such cables and cords by uninsulated staples or nailing shall not be permitted.
(D) Nonrated Construction. Nonmetallic-shcathed cable, Type AC cable, electrical nonmetallic tubing, and rigid nonmetallic conduit shall be permitted to be installed in those buildings or portions of buildings that are not required to be of fire-rated construction by the applicable building code.
520.6 Number of Conductors in Raceway. The number of conductors permitted in any metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit as permitted in this article, or electrical metallic tubing for circuits or for remote-control conductors shall not exceed the percentage fill shown in Table 1 of Chapter 9. Where contained within an auxiliary gutter or a wireway, the sum of the cross-sectional arcas of all contained conductors at any cross section shall not exceed 20 percent of the interior cross- sectional arca of the auxiliary gutter or wireway. The 30- conductor limitation of 366.22 and 376.22 shall not apply.
520.9 Branch Circuits. A branch circuit of any size supplying one or more receptacles shall be permitted to supply stage set lighting. The voltage rating of the receptacles shall be not less than the circuit voltage. Receptacle ampere ratings and branch- circuit conductor ampacity shall be not less than the branch- circuit overcurrent device ampere rating. Table 210.21(B) (2) and 210.23 shall not apply. The requirements in 210.8(B), other than 210.8(B) (6), shall apply.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-483
520.10
ARTICLE 520 -THEATERS, MOTION PICTURE & TELEVISION STUDIOS, & SIMILAR LOCATIONS
520.10 Portable Equipment Used Outdoors. Portable stage and studio lighting equipment and portable power distribution equipment not identified for outdoor use shall be permitted for temporary use outdoors if the equipment is supervised by qualified personnel while energized and barriered from the general public.
Informational Note: See ANSI/ESTA E1.58-2017, Electrical Safety Standard for Portable Stage and Studio Equipment Used Outdoors, for information on the use of portable stage and studio lighting equipment outdoors.
Part II. Fixed Stage Switchboards
520.21 General. Fixed stage switchboards shall comply with the following:
(1) Fixed s tage switchboards shall be listed.
(2) Fixed stage switchboards shall be readily accessible but shall not be required to be located on or adjacent to the stage. Multiple fixed stage switchboards shall be permit- ted at different locations.
(3) A fixed stage switchboard shall contain overcurrent protective devices for all branch circuits supplied by that switchboard.
(4) A fixed stage switchboard shall be permitted to supply both stage and nonstage equipment.
(5) Fixed stage switchboards shall comply with the marking and working space requirements in 408.18(C) but shall not be required to comply with the load terminal location requirements in 408.18(C) (1), (C) (2), and (C) (3).
520.25 Dimmers. Dimmers shall comply with 520.25(A) through (C).
(A) Disconnection and Overcurrent Protection. If dimmers are installed in ungrounded conductors, cach dimmer shall have overcurrent protection not greater than 125 percent of the dimmer rating and shall be disconnected from all ungroun- ded conductors where the master or individual switch or circuit breaker supplying such dimmer is in the open position.
(B) Autotransformer-Type Dimmers. The circuit supplying an autotransformer-type dimmer shall not exceed 150 volts between conductors. The grounded conductor shall be common to the input and output circuits.
Informational Note: See 210.9 for circuits derived from auto- transformers.
(C) Solid-State-Type Dimmers. The circuit supplying a solid- state dimmer shall not exceed 150 volts between conductors unless the dimmer is listed specifically for higher voltage opera- tion. Where a grounded conductor supplies a dimmer, it shall be common to the input and output circuits. Dimmer chassis shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
520.26 Type of Switchboard. A stage switchboard shall be cither one or a combination of the types specified in 520.26(A), (B), (C), and (D).
(A) Manual. Dimmers and switches are operated by handles mechanically linked to the control devices.
(B) Remotely Controlled. Devices are operated electrically from a pilot-type control console or panel. Pilot control panels cither shall be part of the switchboard or shall be permitted to be at another location.
(C) Intermediate. A stage switchboard with circuit intercon- nections is a secondary switchboard (patch panel) or panel- board remote to the primary stage switchboard. It shall contain overcurrent protection. Where the required branch-circuit overcurrent protection is provided in the dimmer panel, it shall be permitted to be omitted from the intermediate switch- board.
(D) Constant Power. A stage switchboard containing only over- current protective devices and no control elements.
520.27 Stage Switchboard Feeders.
(A) Type of Feeder. Feeders supplying stage switchboards shall be one of the types in 520.27(A) (1) through (A) (3).
(1) Single Feeder. A single feeder disconnected by a single disconnect device.
(2) Multiple Feeders to Intermediate Stage Switchboard (Patch Panel). Multiple feeders of unlimited quantity shall be permit- ted, provided that all multiple feeders are part of a single system. Where combined, neutral conductors in a given race- way shall be of sufficient ampacity to carry the maximum unbal- anced current supplied by multiple feeder conductors in the same raceway, but they need not be greater than the ampacity of the neutral conductor supplying the primary stage switch- board. Parallel neutral conductors shall comply with 310.10(G).
(3) Separate Feeders to Single Primary Stage Switchboard (Dimmer Bank). Installations with separate feeders to a single primary stage switchboard shall have a disconnecting means for cach feeder. The primary stage switchboard shall have a perma- nent and obvious label stating the number and location of disconnecting means. If the disconnecting means are located in more than one distribution switchboard, the primary stage switchboard shall be provided with barriers to correspond with these multiple locations.
(B) Neutral Conductor. For the purpose of ampacity adjust- ment, the following shall apply:
(1) The neutral conductor of feeders supplying solid-state, phase-control 3-phase, 4-wire dimming systems shall be considered a current-carrying conductor.
(2) The neutral conductor of feeders supplying solid-state, sine wave 3-phase, 4-wire dimming systems shall not be considered a current-carrying conductor.
(3) The neutral conductor of feeders supplying systems that usc or are capable of using both phase-control and sinc wave dimmers shall be considered as current-carrying.
(C) Supply Capacity. For the purposes of calculating supply capacity to switchboards, considering the maximum load that the switchboard is intended to control in a given installation shall be permitted if the following apply:
(1) All feeders supplying the switchboard shall be protected by an overcurrent device with a rating not greater than the ampacity of the feeder.
(2) The opening of the overcurrent device shall not affect the proper operation of the egress or emergency lighting systems.
Informational Note: See 220.40 for calculation of stage switch- board feeder loads.
70-484
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 520 - THEATERS, MOTION PICTURE & TELEVISION STUDIOS, & SIMILAR LOCATIONS
520.46
Part III. Fixed Stage Equipment Other Than Switchboards
520.40 Stage Lighting Hoists. Where a stage lighting hoist is listed as a complete assembly and contains an integral cable- handling system and cable to connect a moving wiring device to a fixed junction box for connection to permanent wiring, the extra-hard usage requirement of 520.44(C) (1) shall not apply.
520.41 Circuit Loads.
(A) Circuits Rated 20 Amperes or Less. Footlights, border lights, and proscenium sidelights shall be arranged so that no branch circuit supplying such equipment carries a load exceed- ing 20 amperes.
(B) Circuits Rated Greater Than 20 Amperes. Where only heavy-duty lampholders are used, such circuits shall be permit- ted to comply with Article 210 for circuits supplying heavy-duty lampholders.
520.42 Conductor Insulation. Foot, border, proscenium, or portable strip lights and connector strips shall be wired with conductors that have insulation suitable for the temperature at which the conductors are operated, but not less than 125 (257ºF). The ampacity of the 125 (257ºF) conductors shall bc that of 60 (140°F) conductors. All drops from connector strips shall be 90 (194ºF) wire sized to the ampacity of 60 (140°F) cords and cables with no more than 150 mm (6 in.) of conductor extending into connector strip.
the Section 310.15(C) (1) shall not apply.
Informational Note: See Table 310.4(1) for conductor types.
520.43 Footlights.
(A) Metal Trough Construction. Where metal trough construc- tion is employed for footlights, the trough containing the circuit conductors shall be made of sheet metal not lighter than 0.81 mm (0.032 in.) and treated to prevent oxidation. Lampholder terminals shall be kept at least 13 mm (1/2 in.) from the metal of the trough. The circuit conductors shall be soldered to the lampholder terminals.
(B) Other-Than-Metal Trough Construction. Where the metal trough construction specified in 520.43(A) is not used, foot- lights shall consist of individual outlets with lampholders wired with rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, or flexi- ble metal conduit, Type MC cable, or mineral-insulated, metal- shcathed cable. The circuit conductors shall be soldered to the lampholder terminals.
(C) Disappearing Footlights. Disappearing footlights shall be arranged so that the current supply is automatically disconnec- ted when the footlights are replaced in the storage recesses designed for them.
520.44 Borders, Proscenium Sidelights, Drop Boxes, and Connector Strips.
(A) General. Borders and proscenium sidelights shall be as follows:
(1) Constructed as specified in 520.43
(2) Suitably stayed and supported
(3) Designed so that the flanges of the reflectors or other guards protect the lamps from mechanical damage and from accidental contact with scenery or other combusti- ble material
(B) Connector Strips and Drop Boxes. Connector strips and drop boxes shall be as follows:
(1) Suitably stayed and supported
(2) Listed as stage and studio wiring devices
(C) Cords and Cables for Border Lights, Drop Boxes, and Connector Strips.
(1) General. Cords and cables for supply to border lights, drop boxes, and connector strips shall be listed for extra-hard usage. The cords and cables shall be suitably supported. Such cords and cables shall be employed only where flexible conduc- tors are necessary. Ampacity of the conductors shall be as provi- ded in 400.5.
(2) Cords and Cables Not in Contact with Heat-Producing Equipment. Listed multiconductor extra-hard usage type cords and cables not in direct contact with equipment containing hcat-producing clements shall be permitted to have their ampacity determined by Table 520.44(C) (2) (1). Maximum load current in any conductor with an ampacity determined by Table 520.44(C) (2) (1) shall not exceed the values in Table 520.44(C) (2)(1).
Table 520.44(C)(2)(1) Ampacity of Listed Extra-Hard Usage Cords and Cables with Temperature Ratings of 75 (167ºF) and 90 (194°F) [Based on Ambient Temperature of 30 (86°F)]
Temperature Rating of Cords and Cables
Size (AWG)
75° (167°F)
90° (194°F)
Maximum Rating of Overcurrent Device
14
24
28
15
12
32
35
20
10
41
47
25
8
57
65
35
6
77
87
45
4
101
114
60
2
133
152
80
Note: Ampacity shown is the ampacity for multiconductor cords and cables where only three copper conductors are current-carrying in accordance with 400.5. If the number of current-carrying conductors in a cord or cable exceeds three and the load diversity is 50 percent or less, the ampacity of each conductor shall be reduced as shown in Table 520.44(C) (2)(2):
Informational Note: For the purposes of Table 520.44(C) (2) (1), load diversity is the percentage of the total current of all simulta- neously energized circuits fed by the cable to the sum of the ampacities of all pairs of circuit conductors in that cable.
(3) Identification of Conductors in Multiconductor Extra- Hard-Usage Cords and Cables. Neutral conductors shall be white without stripe or shall be identified by a distinctive white marking at their terminations. Equipment grounding conduc- tors shall be green with or without yellow stripe or shall be iclentified by a distinctive green marking at their terminations.
520.45 Receptacles. Receptacles for electrical equipment on stages shall be rated in amperes. Conductors supplying recepta- cles shall be in accordance with Articles 310 and 400.
520.46 Connector Strips, Drop Boxes, Floor Pockets, and Other Outlet Enclosures. Receptacles for the connection of
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-485
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
520.47
ARTICLE 520 -THEATERS, MOTION PICTURE & TELEVISION STUDIOS, & SIMILAR LOCATIONS
Table 520.44(C)(2)(2) Ampacity Adjustment Factors for More Than Three Current-Carrying Conductors in a Cord or Cable Where Load Diversity Is 50 Percent or Less
Number of Conductors
Percent of Ampacity Value in Table 520.44(C)(2)(a)
4-6
80
7-24
70
25-42
60
43 and above
50
Note: Ultimate insulation temperature. In no case shall conductors be associated together in such a way with respect to the kind of circuit, the wiring method used, or the number of conductors such that the temperature limit of the conductors is exceeded.
A neutral conductor that carries only the unbalanced current from other conductors of the same circuit need not be considered as a current-carrying conductor.
In a 3-wire circuit consisting of two-phase conductors and the neutral conductor of a 4-wire, 3-phase, wye-connected system, the neutral conductor carries approximately the same current as the line-to-neutral currents of the other conductors and shall be considered to be a current-carrying conductor.
On a 4-wire, 3-phase wye circuit where the major portion of the load consists of nonlinear loads, there are hannonic currents in the neutral conductor. Therefore, the neutral conductor shall be considered to be a current-carrying conductor.
portable stage-lighting equipment shall be pendant or moun- ted in pockets or enclosures and shall comply with 520.45. Supply cables for connector strips and drop boxes shall be as specified in 520.44(C).
520.47 Backstage Lamps (Bare Bulbs). Lamps (bare bulbs) installed in backstage and ancillary arcas where they can come in contact with scenery shall be located and guarded so as to be free from physical damage and shall provide an air space of not less than 50 mm (2 in.) between such lamps and any combusti- ble material.
Exception: Decorative lamps installed in scenery shall not be considered to be backstage lamps for the purpose of this sertion.
520.48 Curtain Machines. Curtain machines shall be listed.
520.49 Smoke Ventilator Control. Where stage smoke ventila- tors are released by an electrical device, the circuit operating the device shall be normally closed and shall be controlled by at least two externally operable switches, one switch being placed at a readily accessible location on stage and the other where designated by the authority having jurisdiction. The device shall be designed for the full voltage of the circuit to which it is connected, no resistance being inserted. The device shall be enclosed in a metal box having a door that shall remain closed except during service to the equipment.
Part IV. Portable Switchboards on Stage
520.50 Road Show Connection Panel (A Type of Patch Panel). A panel designed to allow for road show connection of porta- ble stage switchboards to fixed lighting outlets by means of permanently installed supplementary circuits. The panel, supplementary circuits, and outlets shall comply with 520.50(A) through (D).
(A) Load Circuits. Circuits shall originate from grounding- type polarized inlets of current and voltage rating that match the fixed-load receptacle.
(B) Circuit Transfer. Circuits that are transferred between fixed and portable switchboards shall have all circuit conduc- tors transferred simultaneously.
(C) Overcurrent Protection. The supply devices of these supplementary circuits shall be protected by branch-circuit overcurrent protective devices. Each supplementary circuit, within the road show connection panel and theater, shall be protected by branch-circuit overcurrent protective devices installed within the road show connection panel.
(D) Enclosure. Panel construction shall be in accordance with Article 408.
520.51 Supply. Portable switchboards shall be supplied only from power outlets of sufficient voltage and ampere rating. Such power outlets shall include only externally operable, enclosed fused switches or circuit breakers mounted on stage or at the permanent switchboard in locations readily accessible from the stage floor. Provisions for connection of an equip- ment grounding conductor shall be provided. For the purposes of ampacity adjustment, the requirements of 520.27(B) shall apply.
520.52 Overcurrent Protection for Branch Circuits. Portable switchboards shall contain overcurrent protection for branch circuits. The requirements of 210.23 shall not apply.
520.53 Construction. Portable stage switchboards shall be listed and shall comply with 520.53(A) through (E). The load terminal location requirements in 408.18(C) (1), (C) (2), and (C) (3) shall not apply to portable stage switchboards.
(A) Pilot Light. A pilot light shall be provided for cach ungrounded conductor feeding the switchboard. The pilot light(s) shall be connected to the incoming feeder so that oper- ation of the main overcurrent protective device or master switch shall not affect the operation of the pilot light(s).
(B) Neutral Terminal. In portable switchboard equipment designed for use with 3-phase, 4-wire with ground supply, the current rating of the supply neutral terminal, and the ampacity of its associated busbar or wiring, or both, shall have an ampac- ity cqual to at least twice the ampacity of the largest ungroun- ded supply terminal.
Exception: Where portable switchboard equipment is specifically constructed and identified to be internally converted in the field, in an approved manner, from use with a balanced 3-phase, 4-wire with ground supply to a balanced single-phase, 3-wire with ground supply, the supply neutral terminal and its associated busbar, wiring, or both, shall have an ampacity equal to at least that of the largest ungrounded single-phase supply terminal.
(C) Single-Pole Separable Connectors. Single-pole separable connectors shall comply with 406.13. Sections 400.14, 406.7, and 406.8 shall not apply to listed single-pole separable connec- tors and single-conductor cable assemblies utilizing listed single-pole separable connectors. Where paralleled sets of current-carrying, single-pole separable connectors are provided as input devices, they shall be prominently labeled with a warn- ing indicating the presence of internal parallel connections.
(D) Supply Feed-Through. Where a portable stage switch- board contains a feed-through outlet of the same rating as its
70-486
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 20'23 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 520 -THEATERS, MOTION PICTURE & TELEVISION STUDIOS, & SIMILAR LOCATIONS
520.54
supply inlet, the feed-through outlet shall not require overcur- rent protection in the switchboard.
(E) Interior Conductors. All conductors other than busbars within the switchboard enclosure shall be stranded.
520.54 Supply Conductors.
(A) General. The supply to a portable stage switchboard shall be by means of listed extra-hard usage cords or cables. The supply cords or cables shall terminate within the switchboard enclosure in an externally operable fused master switch or circuit breaker or in an identified connector assembly. The supply cords or cable (and connector assembly) shall have current ratings not less than the total load connected to the switchboard and shall be protected by overcurrent devices.
(B) Conductor Sizing. The power supply conductors for porta- blc stage switchboards utilizing solid-state phase control dimmers shall be sized considering the neutral conductor as a current-carrying conductor for ampacity adjustment purposes. The power supply conductors for portable stage switchboards utilizing only solid-state sine wave dimmers shall be sized considering the neutral conductor as a non-current carrying conductor for ampacity adjustment purposes.
(C) Single-Conductor Cables. Single-conductor portable supply cable sets shall be not smaller than 2 AWG conductors. The equipment grounding conductor shall not be smaller than 6 AWG conductor. Single-conductor grounded neutral cables for a supply shall be sized in accordance with 520.54(J). Where single conductors are paralleled for increased ampacity, the paralleled conductors shall be of the same length and sizc. Single-conductor supply cables shall be grouped together but not bundled. The equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to be of a different type if it meets the other require- ments of this section, and it shall be permitted to be reduced in size in accordance with 250.122. Grounded (neutral) and equipment grounding conductors shall be identified in accord- ance with 200.6, 250.119, and 310.6. Grounded conductors shall be permitted to be identified by marking at least the first 150 mm (6 in.) from both ends of cach length of conductor with white or gray. Equipment grounding conductors shall be permitted to be identified by marking at least the first 150 mm (6 in.) from both ends of cach length of conductor with green or green with yellow stripes. Where more than one nominal voltage exists within the same premises, cach ungrounded conductor shall be identified by system.
(D) Supply Conductors Not Over 3 m (10 ft) Long. Where supply conductors do not exceed 3 m (10 ft) in length between supply and switchboard or supply and a subsequent overcur- rent device, the supply conductors shall be permitted to be reduced in size where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The ampacity of the supply conductors shall be at least one-quarter of the current rating of the supply overcur- rent protective device.
(2) The supply conductors shall terminate in a single over- current protective device that will limit the load to the ampacity of the supply conductors. This single overcur- rent device shall be permitted to supply additional over- current devices on its load side.
(3) The supply conductors shall not penetrate walls, floors, or ceilings or be run through doors or traffic arcas. The supply conductors shall be protected from physical damage.
(4) The supply conductors shall be suitably terminated in an approved manner.
(5) Conductors shall be continuous without splices or connectors.
(6) Conductors shall not be bundled.
(7) Conductors shall be supported above the floor in an approved manner.
(E) Supply Conductors Not Over 6 m (20 ft) Long. Where supply conductors do not exceed 6 m (20 ft) in length between supply and switchboard or supply and a subsequent overcur- rent protection device, the supply conductors shall be permit- ted to be reduced in size where all of the following conditions arc met:
(1) The ampacity of the supply conductors shall be at least one-half of the current rating of the supply overcurrent protective device.
(2) The supply conductors shall terminate in a single over- current protective device that limits the load to the ampacity of the supply conductors. This single overcur- rent device shall be permitted to supply additional over- current devices on its load side.
(3) The supply conductors shall not penetrate walls, floors, or ceilings or be run through doors or traffic arcas. The supply conductors shall be adequately protected from physical damage.
(4) The supply conductors shall be suitably terminated in an approved manner.
(5) . The supply conductors shall be supported in an approved manner at least 2.1 m (7 ft) above the floor except at terminations.
(6) The supply conductors shall not be bundled.
(7) Tap conductors shall be in unbroken lengths.
(F) Supply Conductors Not Reduced in Size. Supply conduc- tors not reduced in size under 520.54(D) or (E) shall bc permitted to pass through holes in walls specifically designed for the purpose. If penetration is through the fire-resistant- rated wall, it shall be in accordance with 300.21.
(G) Protection of Supply Conductors and Connectors. All supply conductors and connectors shall be protected against physical damage by an approved means. This protection shall not be required to be raceways.
(H) Number of Supply Interconnections. Where connectors are used in a supply conductor, there shall be a maximum number of three interconnections (mated connector pairs) where the total length from supply to switchboard docs not exceed 30 m (100 ft). In cases where the total length from supply to switchboard exceeds 30 m (100 ft), one additional interconnection shall be permitted for cach additional 30 m (100 ft) of supply conductor.
(I) Single-Pole Separable Connectors. Where single-pole port- able cable connectors are used, they shall be listed and of the locking typc. Sections 406.7 and 406.8 shall not apply to listed single-pole separable connectors and single-conductor cable assemblies utilizing listed single-pole separable connectors.
(J) Supply Neutral Conductor. Supply neutral conductors shall comply with 520.54(J) (1) and (J) (2).
(1) Marking. Grounded neutral conductors shall be permitted to be identified by marking at least the first 150 mm (6 in.) from hoth ends of cach length of conductor with white or gray.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-487
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
520.54
ARTICLE 520 -THEATERS, MOTION PICTURE & TELEVISION STUDIOS, & SIMILAR LOCATIONS
(2) Conductor Sizing. Where single-conductor feeder cables not installed in raceways are used on multiphase circuits feed- ing portable stage switchboards containing solid-state phase- control dimmers, the grounded neutral conductor shall have an ampacity of at least 130 percent of the ungrounded circuit conductors feeding the portable stage switchboard. Where such feeders are supplying only solid-state sine wave dimmers, the grounded neutral conductor shall have an ampacity of at least 100 percent of the ungrounded circuit conductors feed- ing the portable stage switchboard.
(K) Qualified Persons. The routing of portable supply conductors, the making and breaking of supply connectors and other supply connections, and the energization and de- energization of supply services shall be performed by qualified persons, and portable switchboards shall be so marked, indicat- ing this requirement in a permanent and conspicuous manner.
Exception: A portable switchboard shall be permitted to be connected to a permanently installed supply receptacle by other than qualified persons provided that the supply receptacle is protected for its current rating by an overcurrent device of not greater than 150 amperes, and where the receptacle, interconnection, and switchboard comply with all of the following:
(1) They employ listed multipole connectors for every supply intercon- nection.
(2) They prevent access to all supply connections by the general public.
(3) They employ listed extra-hard usage multiconductor cords or cables with an ampacity not less than the load and not less than the ampere rating of the connectors.
Part V. Portable Stage Equipment Other Than Switchboards
520.61 Arc Lamps. Arc lamps, including enclosed arc lamps and associated ballasts, shall be listed. Interconnecting cord sets and interconnecting cords and cables shall be extra-hard usage type and listed.
520.62 Portable Power Distribution Units. Portable power distribution units shall comply with the requirements of 520.62(A) and (B).
(A) Listing. Portable power distribution units shall be listed.
(B) Single-Conductor Feeder Systems. Portable power distri- bution equipment fed by single-conductor feeder systems shall comply with the requirements of 520.53(C) and (D) and 520.54.
520.63 Bracket Fixture Wiring.
(A) Bracket Wiring. Brackets for use on scenery shall be wired internally, and the fixture stem shall be carried through to the back of the scenery where a bushing shall be placed on the end of the stem. Externally wired brackets or other fixtures shall be permitted where wired with cords designed for hard usage that extend through scenery and without joint or splice in canopy of fixture back and terminate in an approved-type stage connector located, where practical, within 450 mm (18 in.) of the fixture.
(B) Mounting. Fixtures shall be securely fastened in place.
520.64 Portable Strips. Portable strips shall be constructed in accordance with the requirements for border lights and prosce- nium sidelights in 520.44(A). The supply cable shall be protec-
ted by bushings where it passes through metal and shall be arranged so that tension on the cable will not be transmitted to the connections.
Informational Note No. 1: See 520.42 for wiring of portable strips.
Informational Note No. 2: See 520.68(A) (4) for insulation types required on single conductors.
520.65 Festoons. Joints in festoon wiring shall be staggered. Where such lampholders have terminals of a type that punc- ture the insulation and make contact with the conductors, they shall be attached only to conductors of the stranded typc. Lamps enclosed in lanterns or similar devices of combustible material shall be equipped with guards.
520.66 Special Effects. Electrical devices used for simulating lightning, waterfalls, and the like shall be constructed and loca- ted so that flames, sparks, or hot particles cannot come in contact with combustible material.
520.67 Multipole Branch-Circuit Cable Connectors. Multipole branch-circuit cable connectors, male and female, for flexible conductors shall be constructed so that tension on the cord or cable is not transmitted to the connections. The female half shall be attached to the load end of the power supply cord or cable. The connector shall be rated in amperes and designed so that differently rated devices cannot be connected together; however, a. 20-ampere T-slot receptacle shall be permitted to accept a 15-ampere attachment plug of the same voltage rating. Alternating-current multipole connectors shall be polarized and comply with 406.7 and 406.10.
Informational Note: See 400.14 for pull at terminals.
520.68 Conductors for Portables.
(A) Conductor Type.
(1) General. Flexible conductors, including cable extensions, used to supply portable stage equipment shall be listed extra- hard usage cords or cables.
(2) Protected Applications. Listed, hard usage (junior hard service) cord or cable shall be permitted where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The cord or cable is protected from physical damage by attachment over its entire length to a pipe, tower, truss, scaffold, or other substantial support structure, or instal- led in a location that inherently prevents physical damage to the cord.
(2) The cord or cable is connected to a branch circuit protec- ted by an overcurrent protective device rated at not over 20 amperes.
(3) The cord or cable does not exceed 30 m (100 ft) in length.
(3) Stand Lamps. Listed, hard usage cord shall be permitted to supply stand lamps where the cord is not subject to physical damage and is protected by an overcurrent device rated at not over 20 amperes.
(4) Luminaire Supply Cords. Listed hard usage supply cords shall be permitted to supply luminaires if all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The supply cord is not longer than 2.0 m (6.6 ft).
70-488
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 520 -THEATERS, MOTION PICTURE & TELEVISION STUDIOS, & SIMILAR LOCATIONS
520.81
(2) The supply cord is attached at one end to the luminaire or a luminaire-specific listed connector that mates with a panel-mounted inlet on the body of the luminaire.
(3) The supply cord is protected by an overcurrent protective device of not more than 20 amperes.
(4) The luminaire is listed.
(5) The supply cord is not subject to physical damage.
(5) High-Temperature Applications. A special assembly of conductors in sleeving not longer than 1.0 m (3.3 ft) shall bc permitted to be employed in lieu of flexible cord if the individ- ual wires are stranded and rated not less than 125 (257ºF) and the outer sleeve is glass fiber with a wall thickness of at Icast 0.635 mm (0.025 in.).
Portable stage equipment requiring flexible supply conduc- tors with a higher temperature rating where one end is perma- nently attached to the equipment shall be permitted to employ alternate conductors as determined by a qualified testing labo- ratory and recognized test standards.
(6) Breakouts. Listed, hard usage (junior hard service) cords shall be permitted in breakout assemblies where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The cords are utilized to connect between a single multi- pole connector containing two or more branch circuits and multiple 2-pole, 3-wire connectors.
(2) The longest cord in the breakout assembly does not exceed 6.0 m (20 ft).
(3) The breakout as.semblyis protected from physical damage by attachment over its entire length to a pipe, truss, tower, scaffold, or other substantial support structure.
(4) All branch circuits feeding the breakout assembly arc protected by overcurrent devices rated at not over 20 amperes.
(B) Conductor Ampacity. The ampacity of conductors shall be as given in 400.5, except multiconductor, listed, extra-hard usage portable cords that are not in direct contact with equip- ment containing hcat-producing clements shall be permitted to have their ampacity determined by Table 520.44(C) (2) (1). Maximum load current in any conductor with an ampacity determined by Table 520.44(C) (2) (1) shall not exceed the values in Table 520.44(C) (2) (1). Where the ampacity adjust- ment factors of Table 520.44(C) (2)(2) are applied for more than three current-carrying conductors in a portable cord, the load diversity shall be 50 percent or less.
Exception: Where alternate conductors are allowed in 520.68(A)(5), their ampacity shall be as given in the appropriate table in this Code for the types of conductors employed.
(C) Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection of conductors for portables shall comply with 240.5.
(D) Special-Purpose Multicircuit Cable Systems. Special- purpose multicircuit cable systems shall comply with the follow- ing requirements:
(1) Branch circuits shall be rated at not more than 20 amperes and not more than 150 volts to ground.
(2) Trunk cable types shall be extra-hard usage (hard service) or hard usage (junior hard service).
(3) The ampacity of trunk cables shall be determined in accordance with Table 520.44(C) (2) (1).
(4) Trunk cables, breakout assemblies, and multicircuit enclosures shall be listed.
(5) Section 406.4(F) shall not apply to multicircuit, multipole plugs or receptacles that are part of a special-purpose multicircuit cable system.
(6) All multicircuit, multipole connectors shall be clearly marked with the voltage of the branch circuits serviced by the connector.
(7) Installation and operation shall be performed by quali- ficd persons.
520.69 Adapters. Adapters, two-fers, and other single- and multiple-circuit outlet devices shall comply with 520.69(A), (B), and (C).
(A) No Reduction in Current Rating. Each receptacle and its corresponding cable shall have the same current and voltage rating as the plug supplying it. It shall not be utilized in a stage circuit with a greater current rating.
(B) Connectors. All connectors shall be wired in accordance with 520.67.
(C) Conductor Type. Conductors for adapters and two-fers shall be listed extra-hard usage or listed hard usage (junior hard service) cord. Hard usage (junior hard service) cord shall be restricted in overall length to 2.0 m (6.6 ft).
Part VI. Dressing Rooms, Dressing Areas, and Makeup Areas.
520.71 Pendant Lampholders. Pendant lampholders shall not be installed in dressing or makeup rooms.
520.72 Lamp Guards. All exposed lamps in dressing or makcup arcas including rooms where they are less than 2.5 m (8 ft) from the floor shall be equipped with open-end guards riveted to the outlet box cover or otherwise scaled or locked in place. Recessed lamps shall not be required to be equipped with guards.
520.73 Switches Required. All luminaires, lampholders, and any receptacles adjacent to the mirror(s) and above the dress- ing or makeup counter(s) installed in dressing or makeup rooms shall be controlled by wall switches installed in the dress- ing or makcup room(s). Other outlets installed in the dressing or makcup rooms shall not be required to be switched.
520.74 Pilot Lights Required. Each switch required in 520.73 shall be provided with a pilot light located outside of and adja- cent to the door of the room being controlled to indicate when the circuit is energized. Each pilot light shall be permanently identified indicating a description of the circuit controlled. Pilot lights shall be ncon, LED, or other extended-life lamp. Pilot lights shall be recessed or provided with a mechanical guard.
Part VII. Equipment Grounding Conductor
520.81 Equipment Grounding Conductor. All metal raceways and metal-shcathed cables shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor. The metal frames and enclosures of all equipment, including border lights and portable luminaires, shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-489
522.1
ARTICLE 522 - CONTROL SYSTEMS FOR PERMANENT AMUSEMENT ATTRACTIONS
ARTICLE 522 Control Systems for Permanent Amusement Attractions
Part I. General
522.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of control circuit power sources and control circuit conductors for electri- cal equipment, including associated control wiring in or on all structures, that are an integral part of a permanent amusement attraction.
522.5 Voltage Limitations. Control voltage shall be a maxi- mum of 150 volts, nominal, ac to ground or 300 volts dc to ground.
522.7 Maintenance. The conditions of maintenance and supervision shall ensure that only qualified persons service the permanent amusement attraction.
Part II. Control Circuits
522.10 Power Sources for Control Circuits.
(A) Power-Limited Control Circuits. Power-limited control circuits shall be supplied from a source that has a rated output of not more than 30 volts and 1000 volt-amperes.
(1) Control Transformers. Transformers used to supply power- limited control circuits shall comply with the applicable sections within Parts I and II of Article 450.
(2) Other Power-Limited Control Power Sources. Power- limited control power sources, other than transformers, shall be protected by overcurrent devices rated at not more than 167 percent of the volt-ampere rating of the source divided by the rated voltage. The fusible overcurrent devices shall not be interchangeable with fusible overcurrent devices, of higher ratings. The overcurrent device shall be permitted to be an integral part of the power source.
To comply with the 1000 volt-ampere limitation of 522.10(A), the maximum output of power sources, other than transformers, shall be limited to 2500 volt-amperes, and the product of the maximum current and maximum voltage shall not exceed 10,000 volt-amperes. These ratings shall be deter- mined with any overcurrent-protective device bypassed.
(B) Non-Power-Limited Control Circuits. Non-power-limited control circuits shall not exceed 300 volts. The power output of the source shall not be required to be limited.
(1) Control Transformers. Transformers used to supply non- power-limited control circuits shall comply with the applicable sections within Parts I and II of Article 450.
(2) Other Non-Power-Limited Control Power Sources. Non- power-limited control power sources, other than transformers, shall be protected by overcurrent devices rated at not more than 125 percent of the volt-ampere rating of the source divi- ded by the rated voltage. The fusible overcurrent devices shall not be interchangeable with fusible overcurrent devices of higher ratings. The overcurrent device shall be permitted to be an integral part of the power source.
Part III. Control Circuit Wiring Methods
522.20 Conductors, Busbars, and Slip Rings. Insulated control circuit conductors shall be copper and shall be permitted to be stranded or solid. Listed multiconductor cable assemblies shall be permitted.
Exception No. 1: Busbars and slip rings shall be permitted to be materi- als other than copper.
Exception No. 2: Conductors used as specific-purpose devices, such as thermocouples and resistive thermal devices, shall be permitted to be materials other than ropper.
522.21 Conductor Sizing.
(A) Conductors Within a Listed Component or Assembly. Conductors of size 30 AWG or larger shall be permitted within a listed component or as part of the wiring of a listed as.sembly.
(B) Conductors Within an Enclosure or Operator Station. Conductors of size 30 AWG or larger shall be permitted in a listed and jacketed multiconductor cable within an enclosure or operator station. Conductors in a non-jacketed multiconduc- tor cable, such as ribbon cable, shall not be smaller than 26 AWG. Single conductors shall not be smaller than 24 AWG.
Exception: Single conductors 30 AWG or larger shall be permitted for jumpers and special wiring applications.
(C) Conductors Outside of an Enclosure or Operator Station. The size of conductors in a listed and jacketed, multiconductor cable shall not be smaller than 26 AWG. Single conductors shall not be smaller than 18 AWG and shall be installed only where part of a recognized wiring method of Chapter 3.
522.22 Conductor Ampacity. Ampacitics for conductors sized 16 AWG and smaller shall be as specified in Table 522.22.
522.23 Overcurrent Protection for Conductors. Conductors 30 AWG through 16 AWG shall have overcurrent protection in accordance with the appropriate conductor ampacity in Table 522.22. Conductors larger than 16 AWG shall have overcurrent
Table 522.22 Conductor Ampacity Based on Copper Conductors with 60 and 75 Insulation in an Ambient Temperature of 30
Ampacity
Conductor Size (AWG)
60°
75°
30
0.5
28
0.8
26
1
24
2
2
22
3
3
20
5
5
18
7
7
16
10
10
Notes:
1. For ambient temperatures other than 30, temperature correction factors provided in 310.15(B) (1) shall be used.
2. Ampacity for conductors with 90 or greater insulation shall be based on ampacities in the 75 column.
70-490
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
525.11
ARTICLE 525 -CARNIVALS, CIRCUSES, FAIRS, AND SIMILAR EVENTS
protection in accordance with the appropriate conductor ampacity in Table 310.16.
522.24 Conductors of Different Circuits in the Same Cable, Cable Tray, Enclosure, or Raceway. Control circuits shall be permitted to be installed with other circuits as specified in 522.24(A) and (B).
(A) Two or More Control Circuits. Control circuits shall be permitted to occupy the same cable, cable tray, enclosure, or raceway without regard to whether the individual circuits arc alternating current or direct current, provided all conductors arc insulated for the maximum voltage of any conductor in the cable, cable tray, enclosure, or raceway.
(B) Control Circuits with Power Circuits. Control circuits shall be permitted to be installed with power conductors as specified in 522.24(B) (1) through (B) (3).
(1) In a Cable, Enclosure, or Raceway. Control circuits and power circuits shall be permitted to occupy the same cable, enclosure, or raceway only where the equipment powered is functionally associated.
(2) In Factory- or Field-Assembled Control Centers. Control circuits and power circuits shall be permitted to be installed in factory- or field-assembled control centers.
(3) In a Manhole. Control circuits and power circuits shall be permitted to be installed as underground conductors in a manhole in accordance with one of the following:
(1) The power or control circuit conductors are in a metal- enclosed cable or Type UF cable
(2) The conductors are permanently separated from the power conductors by a continuous fixed nonconductor, such as flexible tubing, in addition to the insulation on the wire
(3) The conductors are permanently and effectively separa- ted from the power conductors and securely fastened to racks, insulators, or other approved supports
(4) In cable trays, where the control circuit conductors and power conductors not functionally associated with them are separated by a solid fixed barrier of a material compatible with the cable tray, or where the power or control circuit conductors are in a metal-enclosed cable
522.25 Ungrounded Control Circuits. Separately derived ac circuits and systems 50 volts or greater and 2-wire de circuits and systems 60 volts or greater shall be permitted to be ungrounded, provided that all the following conditions are met:
(1) Continuity of control power is required for orderly shut- down.
(2) Ground detectors are installed on the control system.
522.28 Control Circuits in Wet Locations. Where wet contact is likely to occur, ungrounded 2-wire direct-current control circuits shall be limited to 30 volts maximum for continuous dc or 12.4 volts peak for direct current that is interrupted at a rate of 10 to 200 Hz.
ARTICLE 525 Carnivals, Circuses, Fairs, and Similar Events
Part I. General
525.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of portable wiring and equipment for carnivals, circuses, fairs, and similar functions, including wiring in or on all structures.
525.3 Other Articles.
(A) Portable Wiring and Equipment. Wherever the require- ments of other articles of this Code and Article 525 differ, the requirements of Article 525 shall apply to the portable wiring and equipment.
(B) Attractions Utilizing Pools, Fountains, and Similar Installa- tions with Contained Volumes of Water. This cquipment shall be installed to comply with the applicable requirements of Parts I, II, III, and V.of Article 680.
525.5 Overhead Conductor Clearances.
(A) Vertical Clearances. Conductors shall have a vertical clear- ance to ground in accordance with 225.18. These clearances shall apply only to wiring installed outside of tents and conces- sions.
(B) Clearance to Portable Structures.
(1) 600 Volts (or Less). Portable structures shall be main- tained not less than 4.5 m (15 ft) in any direction from over- head conductors operating at 600 volts or less, except for the conductors supplying the portable structure. Portable struc- tures included in 525.3(B) shall comply with Table 680.9(A).
(2) Over 600 Volts. Portable structures shall not be located under or within a space that is located 4.5 m (15 ft) horizon- tally and extending vertically to grade of conductors operating in excess of 600 volts.
525.6 Protection of Electrical Equipment. Electrical cquip- ment and wiring methods in or on portable structures shall be provided with mechanical protection where such equipment or wiring methods are subject to physical damage.
Part II. Power Sources
525.10 Services. Services shall comply with 525.10(A) and (B).
(A) Guarding. Service equipment shall not be installed in a location that is accessible to unqualified persons, unless the equipment is lockable.
(B) Mounting and Location. Service equipment shall be securely fastened to a solid backing and be installed so as to be protected from the weather, unless of weatherproof construc- tion.
525.11 Multiple Sources of Supply. Where multiple services or separately derived systems, or both, supply portable structures, the equipment grounding conductors of all the sources of supply that serve such structures separated by less than 3.7 m (12 ft) shall be bonded together at the portable structures. The bonding conductor shall be copper and sized in accordance
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-491
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
525.20
ARTICLE 525 - CARNIVALS, CIRCUSES, FAIRS, AND SIMILAR EVENTS
with Table 250.122 based on the largest overcurrent device supplying the portable structures, but not smaller than 6 AWG.
Part III. Wiring Methods 525.20 Wiring Methods.
(A) Type. Where flexible cords or cables are used, they shall be listed for extra-hard usage. Where flexible cords or cables are used and are not subject to physical damage, they shall be permitted to be listed for hard usage. Where used outdoors, flexible cords and cables shall also be listed for wet locations and shall be sunlight resistant. Extra-hard usage flexible cords or cables shall be permitted for use as permanent wiring on portable amusement rides and attractions where not subject to physical damage.
(B) Single-Conductor. Single-conductor cable shall be permit- ted only in sizes 2 AWG or larger.
(C) Open Conductors. Open conductors shall be prohibited except as part of a listed assemblyor festoon lighting installed in accordance with Article 225.
(D) Splices. Flexible cords or cables shall be continuous with- out splice or tap between boxes or fittings.
(E) Cord Connectors. Cord connectors shall not be laid on the ground unless listed for wet locations. Connectors and cable connections shall not be placed in audience traffic paths or within arcas accessible to the public unless guarded.
(F) Support. Wiring for an amusement ride, attraction, tent, or similar structure shall not be supported by any other ride or structure unless specifically designed for the purpose.
(G) Protection. Flexible cords or cables accessible to the public shall be arranged to minimize the tripping hazard and shall be permitted to be covered with nonconductive matting secured to the walkway surface or protected with another approved cable protection method, provided that the matting or other protection method does not constitute a greater trip- ping hazard than the uncovered cables. Burying cables shall be permitted. The requirements of 300.5 shall not apply.
(H) Boxes and Fittings. A box or fitting shall be installed at cach connection point, outlet, switchpoint, or junction point.
525.21 Rides, Tents, and Concessions.
(A) Disconnecting Means. A mcans to disconnect cach porta- ble structure from all ungrounded conductors shall be provi- ded. The disconnecting means shall be located within sight of and within 1.8 m (6 ft) of the operator's station. The discon- necting means shall be readily accessible to the operator, including when the ride is in operation. If accessible to unqua- lified persons, the disconnecting means shall be lockable. A shunt trip device that opens the fused disconnect or circuit breaker if a switch located in the ride operator's console is closed shall be a permissible method of opening the circuit.
(B) Portable Wiring Inside Tents and Concessions. Electrical wiring for lighting, where installed inside of tents and conces- sions, shall be securely installed and, where subject to physical damage, shall be provided with mechanical protection. All lamps for general illumination shall be protected from acciden- tal breakage by a luminaire or lampholder with a guard.
525.22 Portable Distribution or Termination Boxes. Portable distribution or termination boxes shall comply with 525.22(A) through (D).
(A) Construction. Boxes shall be designed so that no live parts are exposed except where necessary for examination, adjust- ment, servicing, or maintenance by qualified persons. If instal- led outdoors, the box shall be of weatherproof construction and mounted so that the bottom of the enclosure is not less than 150 mm (6 in.) above the ground.
(B) Busbars and Terminals. Busbars shall have an ampere rating not less than the overcurrent device supplying the feeder supplying the box. Where conductors terminate directly on busbars, busbar connectors shall be provided.
(C) Receptacles and Overcurrent Protection. Receptacles shall have overcurrent protection installed within the box. The over- current protection shall not exceed the ampere rating of the receptacle, except as permitted in Article 430 for motor loads.
(D) Single-Pole Connectors. Where single-pole connectors are used, they shall comply with 530.10.
525.23 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) Protection.
(A) Where GFCI Protection Is Required. In addition to the requirements of 210.8(B), GFCI protection for personnel shall be provided for the following:
(1) All 125-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere non-locking- type receptacles used for disassembly and reassembly or readily accessible to the general public
(2) Equipment that is readily accessible to the general public and supplied from a 125-volt, single-phase, 15- or 20- ampere branch circuit
The GFCI shall be permitted to be an integral part of the attachment plug or located in the power supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug. Listed cord sets incor- porating GFCI for personnel shall be permitted.
(B) Where GFCI Protection Is Not Required. Receptacles that are not accessible from grade level and that only facilitate quick disconnecting and reconnecting of electrical equipment shall not be required to be provided with GFCI protection. These receptacles shall be of the locking typc.
(C) Where GFCI Protection Is Not Permitted. Egress lighting shall not be protected by a GFCI.
(D) Receptacles Supplied by Portable Cords. Where GFCI protection is provided through the use of GFCI receptacles, and the branch circuits supplying receptacles use flexible cord, the GFCI protection shall be listed, labeled, and identified for portable usc.
Part IV. Equipment Grounding and Bonding
525.30 Equipment Bonding. The following cquipment connected to the same source shall be bonded:
(1) Metal raceways and metal-shcathed cable
(2) Metal enclosures of electrical equipment
(3) Mctal frames and metal parts of portable structures, trail- ers, trucks, or other equipment that contain or support electrical equipment
Where the metal frames or parts of the equipment in 525.30(1), (2), or (3) are likely to become energized in the
70-492
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
530.9
ARTICLE 530 -MOTION PICTURE AND TELEVISION STUDIOS AND REMOTE LOCATIONS
event of a fault, the equipment grounding conductor of the supply circuit shall be permitted to serve as the bonding mcans.
525.31 Equipment Grounding. The equipment grounding conductor shall be connected to the system grounded conduc- tor at the service disconnecting means or, in the case of a sepa- rately derived system such as a generator, at the generator or first disconnecting means supplied by the generator.
525.32 Equipment Grounding Conductor Continuity Assur- ance. The continuity of the equipment grounding conductors shall be verified cach time that portable electrical equipment is connected.
ARTICLE 530 Motion Picture and Television Studios and Remote Locations
Part I. General
530.1 Scope. The requirements of this article shall apply to motion picture and television studios in facilities and locations staffed by qualified persons, except as provided in 520.1. Such occupancies shall include those using cither electronic or film cameras for image capture.
Informational Note: See NFPA 40-2019, Standard for the Storage and Handling of Cellulose Nitrate Film, for methods of protecting against cellulose nitrate film hazards.
530.3 Restricted Public Access.
(A) Studios. The electrical equipment covered in this article shall be used in motion picture or television studios with restricted public access.
(B) Remote Locations. Where the equipment is deployed on remote locations, restricted public access shall be provided in the form of physical barriers or other access control measures.
530.4 Supervision by Qualified Personnel. Portable electrical equipment, including distribution systems, generators, battery systems, and other power sources, shall be deployed, energized, and, while energized, operated and continuously supervised by trained, qualified, and employer-authorized personnel.
530.5 Wiring Methods. Wiring methods for permanent instal- lations shall be in accordance with 530.5(A) or (B).
(A) General. The permanent wiring shall be permitted to be any of the following:
(1) Metal raccways
(2) Nonmetallic raceways encased in not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete
(3) Type .VII cable, Type MC cable, or Type AC cable contain- ing an insulated equipment grounding conductor sized in accordance with Table 250.122
(B) Communications, Signaling Systems, Data Systems, Fire Alarm Systems, and Systems Less than 120 Volts, Nominal. Permanent wiring methods for communications, signaling, data, fire alarm systems, and systems operating at less than 120 volts, nominal, shall be in accordance with the following:
(1) Audio signal processing, amplification, and reproduction equipment - 640.9
(2) Communications systems - Parts I and IV of Article 800; Part IV of Article 805; and Part IV of Article 840
(3) Class 2 and Class 3 remote control and signaling circuits -Part III of Article 725
(4) Class 2 circuits that transmit power, data or both to a powered device
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA C137.3-2017, American National Standard for Lighting Systems - Minimum Requirements for Installation of Energy Efficient Power over Ethernet (PoF.) Lighting Systems, for information on installation of cables for PoE lighting systems. See Part III of Article 760 for information on fire alarn circuits.
530.7 Sizing of Feeder Conductors for Motion Picture and/or Television Studio Sets. Applying the demand factors listed in Table 530.7 to the portion of the maximum possible connected load for studio or stage set lighting for all permanently instal- led feeders between substations and stages and to all perma- nently installed feeders between the main stage switchboard and stage distribution centers shall be permitted.
530.8 Equipment . Grounding Conductor. Permanent wiring systems shall include an equipment grounding conductor of a type in accordance with 250.118 installed with the supply conductors and connected to the building or structure discon- necting means and the grounding electrode(s). The grounding electrode(s) shall also be connected to the building or struc- ture disconnecting means. Equipment grounding conductors shall be sized in accordance with 250.122. This shall not apply to pendant and portable stage lighting, stage sound cquip- ment, or other special stage equipment operating at not over 150 volts dc to ground.
530.9 Plugs and Receptacles. Plugs and receptacles shall be in accordance with 530.9(A), (B) and (C).
(A) Rating. Plugs and receptacles, including cord connectors and flanged surface devices, shall be rated in amperes. The voltage rating of the plugs and receptacles shall not be less than the nominal circuit voltage. Plug and receptacle ampere ratings for ac circuits shall not be less than the feeder or branch-circuit overcurrent device ampere rating. Table 210.21 (B) (2) shall not apply.
(B) Construction. Plugs and receptacles shall be constructed so that differently rated devices cannot be connected together. Alternating-current multipole connectors shall be polarized and comply with the requirements of 406.7 and 406.10.
Exception: 125-volt, 20-ampere, nonlocking (T-slot) receptacles shall be permitted to accept a 15-ampere attachment plug of the same voltage rating.
Table 530.7 Demand Factors for Stage Set Lighting
Portion of Stage Set Lighting Load to Which Demand Factor Applied (volt-amperes)
Feeder Demand Factor (percent)
First 50,000 or less at
100
From 50,001 to 100,000 at
75
From 100,001 to 200,000 at
60
Remaining over 200,000 at
50
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-493
530.9
ARTICLE 530 -MOTION PICTURE AND TELEVISION STUDIOS AND REMOTE LOCATIONS
(C) Interchangeability. Plugs and receptacles used in portable professional motion picture and television equipment shall be permitted to be interchangeable for ac or dc use if they are on the same premises, listed for ac and de usc, and clearly marked to identify the system to which they are connected.
530.10 Single-Pole Separable Connectors.
(A) General. Single-pole separable connectors shall comply with the requirements of 406.13. Sections 400.14, 406.7, and 406.8 shall not apply to listed single-pole separable connectors.
(B) Paralleled Input Devices. Where paralleled sets of current- carrying single-pole separable connectors are provided as input devices, they shall be prominently labeled with a warning incli- cating the presence of internal parallel connections. All paral- leled input devices other than primary input devices shall be guarded against accidental contact.
(C) Supply Feed-Through Outlets. Where portable equipment contains a feed-through outlet of the same rating as its supply inlet, the feed-through outlet shall not require overcurrent protection in the equipment.
530.11 Branch Circuits. A branch circuit of any size supplying one or more receptacles shall be permitted to supply stage set lighting loads.
The GFCI requirements of 210.8(B), excluding 210.8(B) (6), shall apply.
Branch circuits supplying egress lighting, life-critical stunts, life-critical special effects, or any other condition where a nonorderly shutdown might introduce additional or increased hazards shall not be protected by GFCIs.
530.12 Enclosing and Guarding Live Parts.
(A) Live Parts. Parts of electrical equipment that are live or are likely to become energized shall be enclosed, guarded, or located so persons cannot accidentally come in contact with them or bring conductive material into contact with them.
(B) Switches. All switches shall be of the externally operable typc.
Part II. Portable Equipment In Production Areas of Studios and Remote Locations
530.21 Portable Equipment.
(A) Listing. Portable stage and studio electrical equipment shall be listed or approved. Field-assembled extension cords and multiconductor cable assemblies consisting of listed connectors and cable shall be permitted in production arca.s.
(B) Outdoor Use. Portable stage and studio equipment and portable power distribution equipment not identified for outdoor use shall be permitted for temporary use if the equip- ment is supervised by qualified personnel while energized and barricred from the general public.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/ESTA E1.58, Electrical Safety Standard for Portable Stage and Studio Equipment Used Outdoors, for requirements covering temporary outdoor use of equipment not identified for outdoor use.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/ESTA E1.19-2015, Recom- mended Practice for the use of Class .A Ground-Fault Circuit Interruplers
(GFCIs) intended for personnel protection in the Entertainment Indus- try, for guidance on the use of GFCIs in wet locations.
530.22 Portable Wiring.
(A) Stage Set Wiring. The wiring for stage set lighting and other supply wiring not fixed in place shall use listed hard usage flexible cords and cables. Where subject to physical damage, such wiring shall use listed extra-hard usage flexible cords and cables. Splices and taps in cables shall be permitted if the total connected load does not exceed the maximum ampacity of the cable.
(B) Stage or Special Effects and Electrical Equipment Used as Stage Properties. The wiring for stage effects and electrical equipment used as stage properties shall be permitted to be wired with single- or multiconductor listed flexible cords or cables if the conductors are protected from physical damage and secured to the scenery by approved cable tics or insulated staples. Splices or taps shall be permitted where such are made with listed devices and the circuit is protected at not more than 20 amperes.
(C) Other Electrical Equipment. Cords and cables other than extra-hard usage, where supplied as a part of a listed assembly, shall be permitted.
(D) Portable Feeder Cable Penetration of Walls, Floors, or Ceilings. Portable feeder cables shall be permitted to tempora- rily penetrate fire-rated walls, floors, or ceilings where all of the following apply:
(1) The opening is of noncombustible material.
(2) When in use, the penetration is scaled with a temporary scal of a listed firestop material.
(3) When not in usc, the opening shall be capped with a material of equivalent fire rating.
(E) Cable Protection. Cables shall be protected by bushings where they pass through enclosures and shall be arranged so that tension on the cable is not transmitted to the connections. Where power conductors pass through metal, the requirements of 300.20 shall apply.
(F) Special-Purpose Multicircuit Cable Systems. Special- purpose multicircuit cable systems shall comply with 520.68(D).
530.23 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protective devi- ces in production arcas shall comply with 530.23(A) through (D).
(A) Portable Stage Cables. Overcurrent protection for porta- ble stage cables shall comply with the requirements of 240.5.
(B) Portable Single Conductor Feeder Cables Using Single- Pole Separable Connectors. Portable feeder cables in produc- tion arcas shall be protected by means of overcurrent devices set at not more than 400 percent of the ampacity of the cable listed in Table 400.5(A) (2). The maximum load on a single conductor portable feeder cable shall not exceed the cable ampacity in Table 400.5(A) (2).
(C) DC Plugging Boxes. Cables and cords supplied through plugging boxes shall include only copper conductors. Cables and cords smaller than 8 AWG shall be attached to a plugging box by means of a plug containing two cartridge fu.ses or a 2- pole circuit breaker. Plugging boxes shall not be permitted on ac systems. Receptacles in de plugging boxes shall be rated at not less than 30 amperes.
70-494
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
530.71
ARTICLE 530- MOTION PICTURE AND TELEVISION STUDIOS AND REMOTE LOCATIONS
(D) Alternating-Current Power Distribution Boxes. Alternating-current power distribution boxes used in produc- tion arcas shall contain receptacles of a polarized, grounding typc. A feed-through outlet of the same rating as its supply inlet shall not require overcurrent protection in the equipment. Alternating-current power distribution boxes shall be listed.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1640-2016, Standard for Porta- ble Power-Distribution Equipment, for infonnation on alternating- current power distribution boxes.
530.24 Purpose-Built Luminaires, Lighting, and Effects Equip- ment. Purpose-built luminaires, lighting, and effects cquip- ment shall not be required to be listed but shall be required to be approved.
530.26 Portable Luminaires.
(A) Listing. Portable luminaires shall be listed.
Exception: Portable luminaires used as properties on a motion picture set or television stage set, on a studio stage or lot, or on loration shall not be considered portable luminaires for the purpose of this section.
(B) Portable Enclosed-Arc Luminaires. Portable enclosed-arc lamps, and associated ballasts shall be listed. Interconnecting cord sets and interconnecting cords and cables for enclosed-arc luminaires shall be of extra-hard usage type and listed.
Informational Note: See ANSI/ESTA E1.16-2007, Entertainment Technology - Configuration Standard for Metal-Halide Power Cables, for information on enclosed-arc luminaire interconnecting cord sets and cables.
Part III. Portable Equipment in Support Areas
530.41 Restricted Public Access. The electrical equipment used in non-production arcas shall be restricted from access by the general public.
530.42 Overcurrent Protection for Portable Cable. Overcur- rent protection of conductors for portable cables shall comply with the requirements of 240.5(A).
530.43 Portable Generators.
(A) Location. Portable and vehicle-mounted generators shall be located away from flammable materials, and exhaust shall be vented away from structures and other areas where people might congregate.
(B) Ventilation. Portable and vehicle-mounted generators shall not be operated in arcas without natural or provided ventilation to prevent the buildup of exhaust.
530.44 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) Protection.
(A) Where GFCI Protection is Required. In addition to the requirements of 210.8(B), GFCI protection for personnel shall be provided for the following:
(1) All 125-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere receptacles that are readily accessible to unqualified personnel and that are used for other than motion picture and television production equipment
(2) Equipment, other than motion picture and television production equipment, that is readily accessible to unqualified personnel and supplied from a 125-volt, single-phase, 15- or 20-ampere branch circuit
Listed GFCI protection for personnel that is identified for portable use shall be permitted to be an integral part of the attachment plug or be located in the power-supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug. Listed cord sets incor- porating GFCI for personnel shall be permitted.
(B) Where GFCI Protection is Not Permitted. Egress lighting shall not be protected by a GFCI.
(C) Receptacles Supplied by Portable Cords. GFCI protection shall be listed, labeled, and identified for portable use where it is provided using GFCI receptacles and the branch circuits supplying receptacles use flexible cord.
530.45 Production Vehicles and Trailers. Where the wiring of production vehicles and trailers are supplied by a grounded ac service or by a grounded separately derived ac source, they shall comply with 530.45(A) through (F) of this section.
(A) Internal Panelboards (Where Used). A listed and appro- priately rated panelboard or other equipment specifically listed for this purpose shall be used. The grounded conductor termi- nation bar shall be insulated from the enclosure.
(B) Grounding. The panelboard shall have an equipment grounding bus with terminals for all equipment grounding conductors or other approved equipment grounding means.
(C) Power-Supply Grounding. The equipment grounding conductor in the supply cord or feeder shall be connected to the equipment grounding bus or other approved equipment ground means in the panelboard.
(D) Insulated Grounded Conductor (Neutral Conductor). The grounded circuit conductor (neutral conductor) shall be insu- lated from the equipment grounding conductors and from equipment enclosures and other grounded parts.
(E) Required Bonding. All exposed non-current-carrying metal parts that are likely to become energized shall be cffcc- tively bonded to the grounding terminal or enclosure of the panelboard. A bonding conductor shall be connected between any panelboard and an accessible terminal on the chassis of the portable trailer or vehicle.
(F) Production Vehicles and Trailers with Onboard Genera- tors. Production vehicles and trailers with onboard generators shall comply with the requirements of 551.30.
530.46 Protection. Flexible cords and cables accessible to personnel shall be arranged to minimize tripping hazard potential, and shall be permitted to be covered with a noncon- ductive matting secured to the walkway surface or protected with another approved cable protection method if the matting or other protection method does not constitute a greater trip- ping hazard than the uncovered cables.
Part IV. Dressing Rooms
530.61 Fixed Wiring in Dressing Rooms. Fixed wiring in dress- ing rooms shall be installed in accordance with the wiring methods covered in Chapter 3.
Part V. Portable Substations
530.71 General. Wiring and cquipment in portable substa- tions rated 50 to 1000 volts, nominal, shall conform to the
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-495
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
530.72
ARTICLE 540 - MOTION PICTURE PROJECTION ROOMS
requirements of the sections applying to installations in perma- nently fixed substations. Where limited space is available, when approved, working spaces shall be permitted to be reduced where the following conditions apply:
(1) The equipment is arranged so that the qualified operator can work safely.
(2) The equipment is guarded so that other persons in the vicinity cannot accidentally come into contact with current-carrying parts or bring conducting objects into contact with them while they are energized.
530.72 Over 1000 Volts, Nominal. Wiring and equipment of portable substations rated over 1000 volts, nominal, shall comply with the requirements of Part IV of Article 490.
ARTICLE 540 Motion Picture Projection Rooms
Part I. General
540.1 Scope. This article applies to motion picture projection rooms, motion picture projectors, and associated equipment of the professional and nonprofessional types using incandescent, carbon arc, xenon, or other light source equipment that devel- ops hazardous gases, dust, or radiation.
Informational Note: See NFPA 40-2019, Standard for the Storage and Handling of Cellulose Nitrate Film, for further information.
Part II. Equipment and Projectors of the Professional Type
540.10 Motion Picture Projection Room Required. Every professional-type projector shall be located within a projection room. Every projection room shall be of permanent construc- tion and approved for the type of building in which it is loca- ted. All projection ports, spotlight ports, viewing ports, and similar openings shall be provided with glass or other approved material to completely close the opening. Such rooms shall not be considered hazardous (classified) locations as defined in Article 500.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, for further information on protecting openings in projection rooms handling cellulose nitrate motion picture film.
540.11 Location of Associated Electrical Equipment.
(A) Motor Generator Sets, Transformers, Rectifiers, Rheo- stats, and Similar Equipment. Motor-generator sets, transform- crs, rectifiers, rhcostats, and similar equipment for the supply or control of current to projection or spotlight equipment shall, where nitrate film is used, be located in a separate room. Where placed in the projection room, they shall be located or guarded so that arcs or sparks cannot come in contact with film, and the commutator end or ends of motor-generator sets shall comply with one of the conditions in 540.11(A) (1) through (A) (6).
(1) Types. Bc of the totally enclosed, enclosed fan-cooled, or enclosed pipe-ventilated typc.
(2) Separate Rooms or Housings. Be enclosed in separate rooms or housings built of noncombustible material construc- ted so as to exclude flyings or lint with approved ventilation from a source of clean air.
(3) Solid Metal Covers. Have the brush or sliding-contact end of motor-generator enclosed by solid metal covers.
(4) Tight Metal Housings. Have brushes or sliding contacts enclosed in tight metal housings.
(5) Upper and Lower Half Enclosures. Have the upper half of the brush or sliding-contact end of the motor-generator enclosed by a wire screen or perforated metal and the lower half enclosed by solid metal covers.
(6) Wire Screens or Perforated Metal. Have wire screens or perforated metal placed at the commutator of brush ends. No dimension of any opening in the wire screen or perforated metal shall exceed 1.27 mm (0.05 in.), regardless of the shape of the opening and of the material used.
(B) Switches, Overcurrent Devices, or Other Equipment. Switches, overcurrent devices, or other equipment not normally required or used for projectors, sound reproduction, flood or other special effect lamps, or other equipment shall not be installed in projection rooms.
Exception No. 1: In projection rooms approved for use only with cellu- lose acetate . (safety) film, the installation of appurtenant electrical equipment used in conjunction with the operation of the projection equipment and the control of lights, curtains, and audio equipment, and so forth, shall be permitted. In such projection rooms, a sign read- ing "Safety Film Only Permitted in This Room" shall be posted on the outside of each projection room door and within the projection room itself in a conspicuous location.
Exception No. 2: Remote-control switches for the control of auditorium lights or switches for the control of motors operating curtains and mask- ing of the motion picture screen shall be permitted to be installed in projection rooms.
(C) Emergency Systems. Control of emergency systems shall comply with Article 700.
540.12 Work Space. Each motion picture projector, floodlight, spotlight, or similar equipment shall have clear working space not less than 750 mm (30 in.) wide on cach side and at the rear of the equipment.
Exception: One such space shall be permitted between adjacent pieces of equipment.
540.13 Conductor Size. Conductors supplying outlets for arc and xcnon projectors of the professional type shall not be smaller than 8 AWG and shall have an ampacity not less than the projector current rating. Conductors for incandescent-type projectors shall conform to normal wiring standards as provi- ded in 210.24.
540.14 Conductors on Lamps and Hot Equipment. Insulated conductors having a rated operating temperature of not less than 200 (392ºF) shall be used on all lamps or other equip- ment where the ambient temperature at the conductors as installed will exceed 50 (122ºF).
540.15 Flexible Cords. Cords approved for hard usage, as provided in Table 400.4, shall be used on portable equipment.
70-496
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 545 - MANUFACTURED BUILDINGS AND RELOCATABLE STRUCTURES
545.22
540.20 Listing Requirements. Projectors and enclosures for arc, xenon, and incandescent lamps and rectifiers, transform- crs, rhcostats, and similar equipment shall be listed.
540.21 Marking. Projectors and other equipment shall be marked with the manufacturer's name or trademark and with the voltage and current for which they are designed in accord- ance with 110.21.
Part III. Nonprofessional Projectors
540.31 Motion Picture Projection Room Not Required. Projectors of the nonprofessional or miniature type, where employing cellulose acetate (safety) film, shall be permitted to be operated without a projection room.
540.32 Listing Requirements. Projection equipment shall be listed.
ARTICLE 545 Manufactured Buildings and Relocatable Structures
Part I. General
545.1 Scope. This article covers requirements for manufac- tured buildings, building components, relocatable structures, and the conductors that connect relocatable structures to a supply of electricity.
545.4 Wiring Methods.
(A) Methods Permitted. All raceway and cable wiring methods included in this Code and other wiring systems specifically intended and listed for use in manufactured buildings shall be permitted with listed fittings and with fittings listed and identi- ficd for manufactured buildings.
(B) Securing Cables. In closed construction, cables shall be permitted to be secured only at cabinets, boxes, or fittings where 10 AWG or smaller conductors are used and protection against physical damage is provided.
545.5 Supply Conductors. Provisions shall be made to route the service-entrance conductors, underground service conduc- tors, service-lateral, feeder, or branch-circuit supply to the serv- ice or building disconnecting means conductors.
545.6 Installation of Service-Entrance Conductors. Service- entrance conductors shall be installed after erection at the building sitc.
Exception: The servire-entrance conductors shall be permitted to be installed prior to the erection at the building site where the point of attachment is known prior to manufacture.
545.7 Service Equipment. Service equipment shall be installed in accordance with 230.70.
545.8 Protection of Conductors and Equipment. Protection shall be provided for exposed conductors and equipment during processes of manufacturing, packaging, in transit, and crection at the building site.
545.9 Boxes.
(A) Other Dimensions. Boxes of dimensions other than those required in Table 314.16(A) shall be permitted to be installed where tested, identified, and listed to applicable standards.
(B) Not Over 1650 cm3 (100 in.3). Any box not over 1650 cm3 (100 in.3) in size, intended for mounting in closed construc- tion, shall be affixed with anchors or clamps so as to provide a rigid and secure installation.
545.10 Receptacle or Switch with Integral Enclosure. A recep- tacle or switch with integral enclosure and mounting means, where tested, identified, and listed to applicable standards, shall be permitted to be installed.
545.11 Bonding and Grounding. Prewired panels and building components shall provide for the bonding, or bonding and grounding, of all exposed metals likely to become energized, in accordance with Article 250, Parts V, VI, and VII.
545.12 Grounding Electrode Conductor. Provisions shall be made to route a grounding electrode conductor from the serv- ice, feeder, or branch-circuit supply to the point of attachment to the grounding electrode.
545.13 Component Interconnections. Fittings and connectors that are intended to be concealed at the time of on-site as.sem- bly, where tested, identified, and listed to applicable standards, shall be permitted for on-site interconnection of modules or other building components. Such fittings and connectors shall be equal to the wiring method employed in insulation, temper- ature risc, and fault-current withstand and shall be capable of enduring the vibration and minor relative motions occurring in the components of manufactured buildings.
Part II. Relocatable Structures
545.20 Application Provisions. Relocatable structures shall comply with Part II of this article and the applicable sections of Part I.
545.22 Power Supply.
(A) Feeder. A relocatable structure shall be supplied by a feeder. The feeder shall include insulated color-coded conduc- tors, one of which shall be an equipment grounding conductor. The equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to be uninsulated if part of a listed cable assembly.
Informational Note: See 590.4(B) for temporary installation of feeder conductors.
(B) Number of Supplies. Where two or more relocatable structures are structurally connected to form a single unit and there is a factory-installed panelboard in cach relocatable struc- turc, cach panelboard shall be permitted to be supplied by a separate feeder.
(C) Identification. The identification requirements in 225.37 shall not apply to relocatable structures structurally connected provided the following conditions are met:
(1) The relocatable structures are located on an industrial or commercial establishment where the conditions of main- tenance and supervision ensure qualified individuals will service the installation.
(2) The individual panelboard enclosures or covers have been marked to indicate to location of their supply
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-497
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
545.22
ARTICLE 547 - AGRICULTURAL BUILDINGS
disconnecting means. The marking shall be visible with- out removing the cover and shall be of sufficient durabil- ity to withstand the environment involved.
(D) Grounding.
(1) Feeders. The fccder(s) shall be grounded in accordance with Parts I, II, and III of Article 250.
(2) Two or More Relocatable Structures. Where two or more relocatable structures are structurally connected to form a single unit, and a common grounding electrode conductor and tap arrangement as specified in 250.64(D) (1) is utilized, it shall be permitted to use the chassis bonding conductor specified in 545.26 as the tap conductor.
545.24 Disconnecting Means and Branch-Circuit Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Disconnecting Means. A single disconnecting means consisting of a circuit breaker, or a switch and fuses and its accessories, shall be provided in a readily accessible location for cach relocatable structure.
(B) Branch-Circuit Protective Equipment and Panelboards. Branch-circuit distribution equipment shall be installed in cach relocatable structure and shall include overcurrent protection for cach branch circuit consisting of cither circuit breakers or fuscs.
Panelboards shall be installed in a readily accessible location.
545.26 Bonding of Exposed Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts. All exposed non-current-carrying metal parts that are likely to become energized shall be effectively bonded to the grounding terminal or enclosure of the panelboard. A bonding conductor shall be connected between the panelboard and an accessible terminal on the chassis.
545.27 Intersystem Bonding. Where two or more relocatable structures are structurally connected to form a single unit, it shall be permissible to install one communication system bond- ing termination in accordance with 250.94 provided all the following conditions are met:
(1) There is a factory-installed panelboard in cach relocata- ble structurc.
(2) There is a bonding conductor between the grounding terminal in cach panelboard and chassis in accordance with 545.26.
(3) There is a minimum 6 AWG copper conductor that extends from the communication system bonding termi- nation that is connected to cach chassis bonding conduc- tor required by 545.26.
The communication bonding termination shall be permitted to be located in the same arca as the primary protector or common communications equipment supplying the relocata- ble structures.
545.28 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupters (GFCI). In addition to the requirements of 210.8(B), all receptacle outlets installed in compartments accessible from outside the relocatable struc- ture shall have GFCI protection for personnel.
ARTICLE 547 Agricultural Buildings
Part I. General
547.1 Scope. This article applies to the following agricultural buildings or that part of a building or adjacent arcas of similar or like nature as specified in 547.1(A) or (B).
(A) Excessive Dust and Dust with Water. Agricultural buildings where excessive dust and dust with water may accumulate, including all arcas of poultry, livestock, and fish confinement systems, where litter dust or feed dust, including mineral feed particles, may accumulate.
(B) Corrosive Atmosphere. Agricultural buildings where a corrosive atmosphere exists. Such buildings include arcas where the following conditions exist:
(1) Poultry and animal excrement may cause corrosive vapors.
(2) Corrosive particles may combine with water.
(3) The arca is damp and wet by reason of periodic washing for cleaning and sanitizing with water and cleansing agents.
(4) Similar conditions cxist.
547.3 Other Articles. For buildings and structures not having conditions as specified in 547.1, the electrical installations shall be made in accordance with the applicable articles in this Code.
547.4 Surface Temperatures. Electrical equipment or devices installed in accordance with this article shall be installed in a manner such that they will function at full rating without devel- oping surface temperatures in excess of the specified normal safe operating range of the equipment or device.
Informational Note: See Part III of Article 502 for use of equip- ment in Class 2 locations.
Part II. Installations
547.20 Wiring Methods. Wiring methods shall be limited to the following:
(1) Type UF
(2) Type NMC
(3) Type SE cable-copper
(4) Jacketed Type MC cable
(5) Raccways identified for the locations specified in 547.1(A) and (B)
The wiring methods of Article 502, Part II, shall be permit- ted for arcas described in 547.1.
Informational Note: See 300.7, 352.44, and 355.44 for installa- tion of raceway systems exposed to widely different tempera- tures.
547.21 Mounting. All cables shall be secured within 200 mm (8 in.) of cach cabinet, box, or fitting. Nonmetallic boxes, fittings, conduit, and cables shall be permitted to be mounted directly to any building surface covered by this article without maintaining the 6 mm (1/4 in.) airspace in accordance with 300.6(D).
70-498
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
547.41
ARTICLE 547 - AGRICULTURAL BUILDINGS
547.22 Equipment Enclosures, Boxes, Conduit Bodies, and Fittings. Equipment enclosures, boxes, conduit bodies, and fittings installed in arcas of buildings where excessive dust could be present shall be designed to minimize the entrance of dust and shall have no openings through which dust could enter the enclosure.
547.23 Damp or Wet Locations. In damp or wet locations, equipment enclosures, boxes, conduit bodies, and fittings shall be placed or equipped so as to prevent moisture from entering or accumulating within the enclosure, box, conduit body, or fitting. In wet locations, including normally dry or clamp loca- tions where surfaces are periodically washed or sprayed with water, boxes, conduit bodies, and fittings shall be listed for use in wet locations, and equipment enclosures shall be weather- proof.
547.24 Corrosive Atmosphere. Where wet dust, excessive moisture, corrosive gases or vapors, or other corrosive condi- tions could be present, equipment enclosures, boxes, conduit bodics, and fittings shall have corrosion resistance properties suitable for the conditions.
Informational Note No. 1: See Table 110.28 for appropriate enclosure type designations.
Informational Note No. 2: Aluminum and magnetic ferrous materials can corrode in agricultural environment.s.
547.25 Flexible Connections. Where necessary to employ flexi- ble connections, one or more of the following shall be permit- ted:
(1) Dusttight flexible connectors
(2) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC) with listed fittings
(3) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC) with listed fittings
(4) Flexible cord listed and identified for hard usage and terminated with listed dusttight cord connectors
547.26 Physical Protection. All electrical wiring and cquip- ment subject to physical damage shall be protected.
Nonmetallic cables shall not be permitted to be concealed within walls and above ceilings of buildings (i.c., offices, lunch- rooms, ancillary arcas, etc.) or portions thereof, which are contiguous with or physically adjoined to livestock confinement arcas.
Informational Note: Rodents and other pests are common around such installations and will damage nonmetallic cable by chewing the cable jacket and conductor insulation concealed within walls and ceilings of livestock containment areas of agri- cultural buildings.
547.27 Separate Equipment Grounding Conductor. Where a separate equipment grounding conductor, not part of a listed cable assembly, is installed underground within a location fall- ing under the scope in 547.1, it shall be insulated.
Informational Note: See 250.120(B) for further information on aluminum and copper-clad aluminum conductors.
547.28 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. Ground- fault circuit-interrupter (GFCI) protection shall be provided as required in 210.8(B)for arcas of agricultural buildings not included in the scope of this article. GFCI protection shall not be required for other than 125-volt, 15- and 20-ampere recepta- cles installed within the following arca.s:
(1) Arcas requiring an cquipotential plane
(2) Outdoors
(3) Damp or wet locations
(4) Dirt confinement arcas for livestock
547.29 Switches, Receptacles, Circuit Breakers, Controllers, and Fuses. Switches, including pushbuttons, relays, and similar devices, receptacles, circuit breakers, controllers, and fu.ses, shall be provided with enclosures as specified in 547.22.
547.30 Motors. Motors and other rotating electrical machi- nery shall be totally enclosed or designed so as to minimize the entrance of dust, moisture, or corrosive particles.
547.31 Luminaires. Luminaires shall comply with 547.31 (A) through (C).
(A) Minimize the Entrance of Dust. Luminaires shall be instal- led to minimize the entrance and accumulation of dust, foreign matter, moisture, and corrosive material.
(B) Exposed to Physical Damage. Luminaires exposed to phys- ical damage shall be protected by a suitable guard.
(C) Exposed to Water. Luminaires exposed to water from condensation, building cleansing water, or solution shall be listed for use in wet locations.
Part III. Distribution
547.40 Electrical Supply to Building(s) or Structure(s) from a Distribution Point. Any agricultural building or structure for livestock located on the same premises shall be supplied from a distribution point. More than one distribution point on the same premises shall be permitted.
Any existing agricultural building or structure for other than livestock not under the scope of Article 547 shall be permitted to be supplied in accordance with 250.32(B) (1), Exception No. 1.
547.41 Overhead Service. Overhead service installations shall comply with 547.41 (A) (1) through (A) (9), 547.41 (B) (1) through (B) (3), or 547.42.
(A) Site-Isolating Device. Site-isolating devices shall comply with 547.41 (A) (1) through (A) (9).
(1) Where Required. A site-isolating device shall be installed at the distribution point where two or more buildings or struc- tures are supplied from the distribution point.
(2) Location. The site-isolating device shall be pole-mounted and be not less than the height above grade required by 230.24 for the conductors it supplies.
(3) Operation. The site-isolating device shall simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded service conductors from the prem- ises wiring.
(4) Grounding and Bonding. At the site-isolating device, the grounding electrode conductor shall be connected to the system grounded conductor and the enclosure.
(5) Rating. The site-isolating device shall be rated for the calculated load as determined by Part V of Article 220.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-499
547.41
ARTICLE 550 -MOBILE HOMES, MANUFACTURED HOMES, AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
(6) Overcurrent Protection. The site-isolating device shall not be required to provide overcurrent protection.
(7) Accessibility. The site-isolating device shall be capable of being remotely operated by an operating handle installed at a readily accessible location. The operating handle of the site- isolating device, when in its highest position, shall not be more than 2.0 m (6 ft 7 in.) above grade or a working platform.
(8) Series Devices. An additional site-isolating device for the premises wiring system shall not be required where a site- isolating device meeting all applicable requirements of this section is provided by the serving utility as part of their service requirement.s.
(9) Marking. A site-isolating device shall be permanently marked to identify it as a site-isolating device. This marking shall be located on the operating handle or immediately adja- cent thereto.
(B) Service Disconnecting Means and Overcurrent Protection at the Building(s) or Structure(s). Where the service discon- necting means and overcurrent protection are located at the building(s) or structure(s), the requirements of 547.41 (B) (1) through (B)(3) shall apply.
(1) Conductor Sizing. The supply conductors shall be sized in accordance with Part V of Article 220.
(2) Conductor Installation. The supply conductors shall be installed in accordance with Part II of Article 225.
(3) Grounding and Bonding. For cach building or structure, grounding and bonding of the supply conductors shall be in accordance with 250.32, and the following conditions shall be mct:
(1) The equipment grounding conductor is not smaller than the largest supply conductor if of the same material or is adjusted in size in accordance with the equivalent size columns of Table 250.122 if of different materials.
(2) The equipment grounding conductor is connected to the grounded circuit conductor and the site-isolating device enclosure at the distribution point.
547.42 Service Disconnecting Means and Overcurrent Protec- tion at the Distribution Point. The service disconnecting means and overcurrent protection for each set of feeders or branch circuits shall be located at the distribution point. The service disconnecting means shall be installed in accordance with Part VI of Article 230. The feeders or branch circuits supplied to buildings or structures shall comply with 250.32 and Article 225, Parts I and II.
Informational Note: Methods to reduce neutral-to-earth voltages in livestock facilities include supplying buildings or structures with 4-wire single-phase services, sizing 3-wire single-phase serv- ice and feeder conductors to limit voltage drop to 2 percent, and connecting loads line-to-line, will provide reasonable effi- ciency of operation.
547.43 Identification. Where a site is supplied by more than one distribution point, a permanent plaque or directory shall be installed at cach of these distribution points denoting the location of cach of the other distribution points and the build- ings or structures served by cach.
547.44 Equipotential Planes and Bonding of Equipotential Planes. The installation and bonding of cquipotential planes
shall comply with 547.44(A) and (B). For the purposes of this section, the term livestock shall not include poultry.
(A) Where Required. Equipotential planes shall be required in the following arca.s:
(1) Indoors. Equipotential planes shall be installed in confinc- ment arcas with concrete floors where metallic equipment is located that may become energized and is accessible to live- stock.
(2) Outdoors. Equipotential planes shall be installed in concrete slabs where metallic equipment is located that may become energized and is accessible to livestock.
The cquipotential plane shall encompass the arca where the livestock stands while accessing metallic equipment that may become energized.
(B) Bonding. Equipotential planes shall be bonded to the grounding electrode system or an equipment grounding termi- nal in any panelboard of the electrical grounding system as. soci- ated with the cquipotential planc. The bonding conductor shall be solid copper, insulated, covered or bare, and not smaller than 8 AWG. The means of bonding to wire mesh or conductive clements shall be by pressure connectors or clamps of brass, copper, copper alloy, or other approved means. Slat- ted floors that are supported by structures that are a part of an cquipotential plane shall not require bonding.
Informational Note No. 1: See ASEA/ASABE EP473.2-2001 (R2015), Equipotential Planes in Animal Containment Areas, for methods to establish equipotential planes.
Informational Note No. 2: See ASEA/ASABE EP342.3-2010 (R2015), Safety for Electrically Heated Livestock Waterers, for meth- ods for safe installation of livestock waterers.
Informational Note No. 3: Low grounding electrode system resistances may reduce voltage differences in livestock facilities.
ARTICLE 550 Mobile Homes, Manufactured Homes, and Mobile Home Parks
Part I. General
550.1 Scope. This article covers the electrical conductors and equipment installed within or on mobile and manufactured homes, the conductors that connect mobile and manufactured homes to a supply of electricity, and the installation of electri- cal wiring, luminaires, equipment, and appurtenances related to electrical installations within a mobile home park up to the mobile home service-entrance conductors or, if none, the mobile home service equipment.
Informational Note: See NFPA 501-2017, Standard on Manufar- lured Housing, and Part 3280, Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards, of the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development for additional information on manufac- tured housing.
70-500
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
550.10
ARTICLE 550- MOBILE HOMES, MANUFACTURED HOMES, AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
550.4 General Requirements.
(A) In Other Than Mobile Home Parks. Mobile homes instal- led in other than mobile home parks shall comply with the provisions of this article.
(B) Connection to Wiring System. This article shall apply to mobile homes intended for connection to a wiring system rated 120/240 volts, nominal, 3-wire ac, with a grounded neutral conductor.
(C) Listed and Labeled. All electrical materials, devices, appli- ances, fittings, and other equipment shall be listed and labeled by a qualified testing agency and shall be connected in an approved manner when installed.
Part II. Mobile and Manufactured Homes
550.10 Power Supply.
(A) Feeder. The power supply to the mobile home shall be a feeder assembly consisting of not more than one listed 50- ampere mobile home power-supply cord or a permanently installed feeder.
Exception No. 1: A mobile home that is factory equipped with gas or oil- fired central heating equipment and cooking appliances shall be permit- ted to be provided with a listed mobile home power-supply cord rated 40 amperes.
Exception No. 2: A feeder assembly shall not be required for manufar- tured homes constructed in accordance with 550.32(B).
(B) Power-Supply Cord. If the mobile home has a power- supply cord, it shall be permanently attached to the panel- board, or to a junction box permanently connected to the panelboard, with the free end terminating in an attachment plug cap.
Cords with adapters and pigtail ends, extension cords, and similar items shall not be attached to, or shipped with, a mobile homc.
A suitable clamp or the equivalent shall be provided at the panelboard knockout to afford strain relief for the cord to prevent strain from being transmitted to the terminals when the power-supply cord is handled in its intended manner.
The cord shall be a listed type with four conductors, one of which shall be identified by a continuous green color or a continuous green color with one or more yellow stripes for use as the equipment grounding conductor.
(C) Attachment Plug Cap. The attachment plug cap shall be a 3-pole, 4-wire, grounding type, rated 50 amperes, 125/250 volts with a configuration as shown in Figure 550.10(C) and inten- ded for use with the 50-ampere, 125/250-volt receptacle config- uration shown in Figure 550.10(C). It shall be listed, by itself or as part of a power-supply cord assembly, for the purpose and shall be molded to or installed on the flexible cord so that it is secured tightly to the cord at the point where the cord enters the attachment plug cap. If a right-angle cap is used, the configuration shall be oriented so that the grounding member is farthest from the cord.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices -Dimensional Specifications, Figure 14-50, for complete details of the 50-ampere plug and receptacle configuration.
Receptacle
Cap
G
G
5
×
x
Iw
w
125/250-V, 50-A, 3-pole, 4-wire, grounding type
FIGURE 550.10(C) 50-Ampere, 125/250-Volt Receptacle and Attachment Plug Cap Configurations, 3-Pole, 4-Wire, Grounding-Types, Used for Mobile Home Supply Cords and Mobile Home Parks.
(D) Overall Length of a Power-Supply Cord. The overall length of a power-supply cord, measured from the end of the cord, including bared leads, to the face of the attachment plug cap shall not be less than 6.4 m (21 ft) and shall not exceed 11 m (361/2 ft). The length of the cord from the face of the attachment plug cap to the point where the cord enters the mobile home shall not be less than 6.0 m (20 ft).
(E) Marking. The power-supply cord shall bear the following marking:
FOR USE WITH MOBILE HOMES - 40 AMPERES or
FOR USE WITH MOBILE HOMES - 50 AMPERES
(F) Point of Entrance. The point of entrance of the feeder assembly to the mobile home shall be in the exterior wall, floor, or roof.
(G) Protected. Where the cord passes through walls or floors, it shall be protected by means of conduits and bushings or equivalent. The cord shall be permitted to be installed within the mobile home walls, provided a continuous raceway having a maximum size of 32 mm (11/4 in.) is installed from the branch- circuit panelboard to the underside of the mobile home floor.
(H) Protection Against Corrosion and Mechanical Damage. Permanent provisions shall be made for the protection of the attachment plug cap of the power-supply cord and any connec- tor cord assemblyor receptacle against corrosion and mechani- cal damage if such devices are in an exterior location while the mobile home is in transit.
(I) Mast Weatherhead or Raceway. Where the calculated load exceeds 50 amperes or where a permanent feeder is used, the supply shall be by means of either of the following:
(1) Onc mast weatherhead installation, installed in accord- ance with Part II of Article 230, containing four continu- ous, insulated, color-coded feeder conductors, one of which shall be an equipment grounding conductor
(2) A rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, or other raceways identified for the location, from the disconnecting means in the mobile home to the underside of the mobile home, with provisions for the attachment to a suitable junction box or fitting to the raceway on the underside of the mobile home [with or without conductors as in 550.10(I) (1)]. The manufacturer shall provide written installation instructions stating the proper feeder conductor sizes for the raceway and the size of the junction box to be used.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-501
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Y
>
550.11
ARTICLE 550 - MOBILE HOMES, MANUFACTURED HOMES, AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
550.11 Disconnecting Means and Branch-Circuit Protective Equipment. The branch-circuit equipment shall be permitted to be combined with the disconnecting means as a single assembly. Such a combination shall be permitted to be designa- ted as a panelboard. If a fused panelboard is used, the maxi- mum fuse size for the mains shall be plainly marked with lettering at least 6 mm (1/4 in.) high and visible when fuses arc changed.
Where plug fuses and fuscholders are used, they shall be tamper-resistant Type S, enclosed in dead-front fuse panel- boards. Electrical panelboards containing circuit breakers shall also be dead-front typc.
Informational Note: See 110.22 concerning identification of each disconnecting means and each service, feeder, or branch circuit at the point where it originated and the type marking needed.
(A) Disconnecting Means. A single disconnecting means shall be provided in cach mobile home consisting of a circuit breaker, or a switch and fuses and its accessories installed in a readily accessible location near the point of entrance of the supply cord or conductors into the mobile home. The main circuit breakers or fuses shall be plainly marked "Main." This equipment shall contain a solderless type of grounding connec- tor or bar for the purposes of grounding, with sufficient termi- nals for all grounding conductors. The terminations of the grounded circuit conductors shall be insulated in accordance with 550.16(A). The disconnecting equipment shall have a rating not less than the calculated load. The distribution cquip- ment, cither circuit breaker or fused type, shall be located a minimum of 600 mm (24 in.) from the bottom of such cquip- ment to the floor level of the mobile home.
Informational Note: See 550.20(B) for information on discon- necting means for branch circuits designed to energize heating or air-conditioning equipment, or both, located outside the mobile home, other than room air conditioners.
A panelboard shall be rated not less than 50 amperes and employ a 2-pole circuit breaker rated 40 amperes for a 40- ampere supply cord, or 50 amperes for a 50-ampere supply cord. A panelboard employing a disconnect switch and fuses shall be rated 60 amperes and shall employ a single 2-polc, 60- ampere fuscholder with 40- or 50-ampere main fuses for 40- or 50-ampere supply cords, respectively. The outside of the panel- board shall be plainly marked with the fuse sizc.
The panelboard shall be located in an accessible location but shall not be located in a bathroom or a clothes closet. A clear working space at least 750 mm (30 in.) wide and 750 mm (30 in.) in front of the panelboard shall be provided. This space shall extend from the floor to the top of the panelboard.
(B) Branch-Circuit Protective Equipment. Branch-circuit distribution equipment shall be installed in cach mobile home and shall include overcurrent protection for cach branch circuit consisting of cither circuit breakers or fuses.
The branch-circuit overcurrent devices shall be rated as follows:
(1) Notmore than the circuit conductors; and
(2) Not more than 150 percent of the rating of a single appli- ance rated 13.3 amperes or more that is supplied by an individual branch circuit; but
(3) Not more than the overcurrent protection size and of the type marked on the air conditioner or other motor- operated appliance.
(C) Two-Pole Circuit Breakers. Where circuit breakers arc provided for branch-circuit protection, 240-volt circuits shall be protected by a 2-pole common or companion trip, or by circuit breakers with identified handle tics.
(D) Electrical Nameplates. A metal nameplate on the outside adjacent to the feeder assemblyentrance shall read as follows:
THIS CONNECTION FOR 120/240-VOLT, 3-POLE, 4-WIRE, 60-HERTZ, AMPERE SUPPLY
The correct ampere rating shall be marked in the blank spacc.
Exception: For manufactured homes, the manufacturer shall provide in its written installation instructions or in the data plate the minimum ampere rating of the feeder assembly or; where provided, the service- entrance conductors intended for connection to the manufactured home. The rating provided shall not'he less than the minimum load calculated in accordance with 550.18.
550.12 Branch Circuits. The number of branch circuits required shall be determined in accordance with 550.12(A) through (E). ..
(A) Lighting. The number of branch circuits shall be based on 33 volt-ainperes/m2 (3 VA/ft2) times outside dimensions of the mobile home (coupler excluded) divided by 120 volts to deter- mine the number of 15- or 20-ampere lighting arca circuits, for cxample,
[550.12(A)]
3 x length x width 120 x 15 (or 20) = No. of 15- (or 20-) ampere circuits
(B) Small Appliances. In kitchens, pantries, dining rooms, and breakfast rooms, two or more 20-ampere small-appliance circuits, in addition to the number of circuits required else- where in this section, shall be provided for all receptacle outlets required by 550.13(D) in these rooms. Such circuits shall have no other outlets.
Exception No. 1: Receptacle outlets installed solely for the electrical supply and support of an electric clock in any the rooms specified in 550.12(B) shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: Receptacle outlets installed to provide power for supplemental equipment and lighting on gas-fired ranges, ovens, or counter-mounted cooking units shall be permitted.
Exception No. 3: A single receptacle for refrigeration equipment shall be permitted to be supplied from an individual branch circuit rated 15 amperes or greater.
Countertop receptacle outlets installed in the kitchen shall be supplied by not less than two small-appliance circuit branch circuits, cither or both of which shall be permitted to supply receptacle outlets in the kitchen and other locations specified in 550.12(B).
70-502
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
550.14
ARTICLE 550-MOBILE HOMES, MANUFACTURED HOMES, AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
(C) Laundry Area. Where a laundry arca is provided, a 20- ampere branch circuit shall be provided to supply the laundry receptacle outlet(s). This circuit shall have no other outlets.
(D) General Appliances. (Including furnace, water heater, range, and central or room air conditioner, etc.). There shall be one or more circuits of adequate rating in accordance with the following:
Informational Note: See Article 440 for central air conditioning.
(1) The ampere rating of fixed appliances shall be not over 50 percent of the circuit rating if lighting outlets (recep- tacles, other than kitchen, dining arca, and laundry, considered as lighting outlets) are on the same circuit.
(2) For fixed appliances on a circuit without lighting outlets, the sum of rated amperes shall not exceed the branch- circuit rating. Motor loads or continuous loads shall not exceed 80 percent of the branch-circuit rating.
(3) The rating of a single cord-and-plug-connected appliance on a circuit having no other outlets shall not exceed 80 percent of the circuit rating.
(4) The rating of a range branch circuit shall be based on the range demand as specified for ranges in 550.18(B) (5).
(E) Bathrooms. Bathroom receptacle outlets shall be supplied by at least one 20-ampere branch circuit. Such circuits shall have no outlets other than as provided for in 550.13(E) (2).
550.13 Receptacle Outlets.
(A) Grounding-Type Receptacle Outlets. All receptacle outlets shall comply with the following:
(1) Be of grounding type
(2) Be installed according to 406.4
(3) Except where supplying specific appliances, be 15- or 20- ampere, 125-volt, cither single or multiple type, and accept parallel-blade attachment plugs
(B) Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupters (GFCI). Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection shall be provided, as required in 210.8(A). In addition, in the following areas within a mobile or manufactured home, GFCI protection is limited to 125-volt, 15- and 20-ampere receptacles or outlets:
(1) Compartments accessible from outside the unit
(2) Bathrooms, including receptacles in luminaires
(3) Kitchens, where receptacles are installed to serve counter- top surfaces
(4) Sinks, where receptacles are installed within 1.8 m (6 ft) from the top inside edge of the sink
(5) Dishwashers
Informational Note: See 422.5(A) for information on protection of dishwashers.
(C) Cord-Connected Fixed Appliance. A grounding-type receptacle outlet shall be provided for cach cord-connected fixed appliance installed.
(D) Receptacle Outlets Required. Except in the bath, closet, and hallway arcas, receptacle outlets shall be installed at wall spaces 600 mm (2 ft) wide or more so that no point along the floor line is more than 1.8 m (6 ft) measured horizontally from an outlet in that space. In addition, a receptacle outlet shall be installed in the following locations:
(1) Over or adjacent to countertops in the kitchen [at least once on cach side of the sink if countertops are on cach side and are 300 mm (12 in.) or over in width].
(2) Adjacent to the refrigerator and freestanding gas-range space. A multiple-type receptacle shall be permitted to serve as the outlet for a countertop and a refrigerator.
(3) At countertop spaces for built-in vanities.
(4) At countertop spaces under wall-mounted cabinets.
(5) In the wall at the nearest point to where a bar-type coun- ter attaches to the wall.
(6) In the wall at the nearest point to where a fixed room divider attaches to the wall.
(7) In laundry arcas within 1.8 m (6 ft) of the intended loca- tion of the laundry appliance(s).
(8) At least one receptacle outlet located outdoors and acces- sible at grade level and not more than 2.0 m (61/ ft) above grade. A receptacle outlet located in a compart- ment accessible from the outside of the unit shall be considered an outdoor receptacle.
(9) At least one receptacle outlet shall be installed in bath- rooms within 900 mm (36 in.) of the outside edge of cach basin. The receptacle outlet shall be located above or adjacent to the basin location. This receptacle shall be in addition to any receptacle that is a part of a luminaire or appliance. The receptacle shall not be enclosed within a bathroom cabinet or vanity.
(E) Pipe Heating Cable(s) Outlet. For the connection of pipe heating cable(s), a receptacle outlet shall be located on the underside of the unit as follows:
(1) Within 600 mm (2 ft) of the cold water inlet.
(2) Connected to an interior branch circuit, other than a small-appliance branch circuit. It shall be permitted to use a bathroom receptacle circuit for this purpose.
(3) On a circuit where all of the outlets are on the load side of the ground-fault circuit interrupter.
(4) This outlet shall not be considered as the receptacle required by 550.13(D) (8).
(F) Receptacle Outlets Not Permitted. Receptacle outlets shall not be permitted in the following locations:
(1) Receptacle outlets shall not be installed within or directly over a bathtub or shower space.
(2) A receptacle shall not be installed in a face-up position in any countertop.
(3) Receptacle outlets shall not be installed above electric baseboard heaters, unless provided for in the listing or manufacturer's instructions.
(G) Receptacle Outlets Not Required. Receptacle outlets shall not be required in the following locations:
(1) In the wall space occupied by built-in kitchen or ward- robe cabinets
(2) In the wall space behind doors that can be opened fully against a wall surface
(3) In room dividers of the lattice type that are less than 2.5 m (8 ft) long, not solid, and within 150 mm (6 in.) of the floor
(4) In the wall space afforded by bar-type counters
550.14 Luminaires and Appliances.
(A) Fasten Appliances in Transit. Mcans shall be provided to securely fasten appliances when the mobile home is in transit. (Sce 550.16 for provisions on grounding.)
(B) Accessibility. Every appliance shall be accessible for inspection, service, repair, or replacement without removal of permanent construction.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-503
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
550.14
ARTICLE 550 - MOBILE HOMES, MANUFACTURED HOMES, AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
(C) Pendants. Listed pendant-type luminaires or pendant cords shall be permitted.
(D) Bathtub and Shower Luminaires. Where a luminaire is installed over a hathtub or in a shower stall, it shall be of the enclosed and gasketed type listed for wet locations.
550.15 Wiring Methods and Materials. Except as specifically limited in this section, the wiring methods and materials inclu- ded in this Code shall be used in mobile homes. Where conduc- tors are terminated, they shall be used with equipment listed and identified for the conductor materials.
(A) Nonmetallic Boxes. Nonmetallic boxes shall be permitted only with nonmetallic cable or nonmetallic raceways.
(B) Nonmetallic Cable Protection. Nonmetallic cable located 380 mm (15 in.) or less above the floor, if exposed, shall be protected from physical damage by covering boards, guard strips, or raceways. Cable likely to be damaged by stowage shall be so protected in all cases.
(C) Metal-Covered and Nonmetallic Cable Protection. Metal- covered and nonmetallic cables shall be permitted to pass through the centers of the wide side of 2 by 4 studs. However, they shall be protected where they pass through 2 by 2 studs or at other studs or frames where the cable or armor would be less than 32 mm (11/4 in.) from the inside or outside surface of the studs where the wall covering materials are in contact with the stud.s. Steel plates on cach side of the cable, or a tube, with not less than 1.35 mm (0.053 in.) wall thickness shall be required to protect the cable. These plates or tubes shall be securely held in place.
(D) Metal Faceplates. Where metal faceplates are used, the installation shall comply with 404.9(B) and 406.6(B).
(E) Installation Requirements. Where a range, clothes dryer, or other appliance is connected by metal-covered cable or flexi- ble metal conduit, a length of not less than 900 mm (3 ft) of unsupported cable or conduit shall be provided to service the appliance. The cable or flexible metal conduit shall be secured to the wall. Type NM or Type SE cable shall not be used to connect a range or dryer. This shall not prohibit the use of Type NM or Type SE cable between the branch-circuit overcur- rent protective device and a junction box or range or dryer receptacle.
(F) Raceways. Where rigid metal conduit or intermediate metal conduit is terminated at an enclosure with a locknut and bushing connection, two locknuts shall be provided, one inside and one outside of the enclosure. Rigid nonmetallic conduit, electrical nonmetallic tubing, or surface raceway shall be permitted. All cut ends of conduit and tubing shall be reamed or otherwise finished to remove rough edges.
(G) Switches. Switches shall be rated as follows:
(1) For lighting circuits, switches shall be rated not less than 10 amperes, 120 to 125 volts, and in no case less than the connected load.
(2) Switches for motor or other loads shall comply with 404.14.
(H) Under-Chassis Wiring (Exposed to Weather).
(1) Where outdoor or under-chassis line-voltage (120 volts, nominal, or higher) wiring is exposed, it shall be protected by a conduit or raceway identified for use in wet locations. The conductors shall be listed for use in wet locations.
(2) Where wiring is exposed to physical damage, it shall be protected by a raceway, conduit, or other means.
(I) Boxes, Fittings, and Cabinets. Boxes, fittings, and cabinets shall be securely fa.sened in place and shall be supported from a structural member of the home, cither directly or by using a substantial bracc.
Exception: Snap-in-type boxes. Boxes provided with special wall or ceil- ing brackets and wiring devices with integral enclosures that securely fasten to walls or ceilings and are identified for the use shall be permit- ted without support from a structural member or brace. The testing and approval shall include the wall and ceiling construction systems for which the boxes and devices are intended to be used.
(J) Appliance Terminal Connections. Appliances having branch-circuit terminal connections that operate at tempera- turcs higher than 60° (140°F) shall have circuit conductors as described in the following:
(1) Branch-circuit conductors having an insulation suitable for the temperature encountered shall be permitted to be run directly to the appliance.
(2) Conductors having an insulation suitable for the tempera- ture encountered shall be run from the appliance termi- nal connection to a readily accessible outlet box placed at Icast 300 mm (1 ft) from the appliance. These conductors shall be in a suitable raceway or Type AC or MC cable of at least 450 mm (18 in.) but not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) in length.
(K) Component Interconnections. Fittings and connectors that are intended to be concealed at the time of assembly shall be listed and identified for the interconnection of building components. Such fittings and connectors shall be equal to the wiring method employed in insulation, temperature risc, and fault-current withstanding and shall be capable of enduring the vibration and shock occurring in mobile home transportation.
Informational Note: See 550.19 for interconnection of multiple section units.
550.16 Grounding. Grounding of both electrical and nonelec- trical metal parts in a mobile home shall be through connec- tion to a grounding bus in the mobile home panelboard and shall be connected through the green-colored insulated conductor in the supply cord or the feeder wiring to the grounding bus in the service-entrance equipment located adja- cent to the mobile home location. Neither the frame of the mobile home nor the frame of any appliance shall be connec- ted to the grounded circuit conductor in the mobile home. Where the panelboard is the service equipment as permitted by 550.32(B), the neutral conductors and the equipment ground- ing bus shall be connected.
(A) Grounded Conductor.
(1) Insulated. The grounded circuit conductor shall be insula- ted from the equipment grounding conductors and from equipment enclosures and other grounded parts. The groun- ded circuit conductor terminals in the panelboard and in ranges, clothes dryers, counter-mounted cooking units, and wall-mounted ovens shall be insulated from the equipment enclosure. Bonding screws, straps, or buses in the panelboard or in appliances shall be removed and discarded. Where the panelboard is the service equipment as permitted by 550.32(B), the neutral conductors and the equipment ground- ing bus shall be connected.
70-504
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
550.18
ARTICLE 550 - MOBILE HOMES, MANUFACTURED HOMES, AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
(2) Connections of Ranges and Clothes Dryers. Connections of ranges and clothes dryers with 120/240-volt, 3-wirc ratings shall be made with 4-conductor cord and 3-polc, 4-wirc, grounding-type plugs or by Type AC cable, Type MC cable, or conductors enclosed in flexible metal conduit.
(B) Equipment Grounding Means.
(1) Supply Cord or Permanent Feeder. The green-colored insulated grounding wire in the supply cord or permanent feeder wiring shall be connected to the grounding bus in the panelboard or disconnecting means.
(2) Electrical System. In the electrical system, all exposed metal parts, enclosures, frames, luminaire canopies, and so forth, shall be effectively bonded to the grounding terminal or enclosure of the panelboard.
(3) Cord-Connected Appliances. Cord-connected appliances, such as washing machines, clothes dryers, and refrigerators, and the electrical system of gas ranges and so forth, shall be grounded by means of a cord with an equipment grounding conductor and grounding-type attachment plug.
(C) Bonding of Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts.
(1) Exposed Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts. All exposed non-current-carrying metal parts that are likely to become energized shall be effectively bonded to the grounding termi- nal or enclosure of the panelboard. A bonding conductor shall be connected between the panelboard and an accessible termi- nal on the chassis. Chassis of multiple mobile home sections shall be bonded together with a solid copper, 8 AWG mini- mum, insulated or barc, bonding conductor with terminations in accordance with 250.8 and 250.12.
(2) Grounding Terminals. Grounding terminals shall be of the solderless type and listed as pressure-terminal connectors recognized for the wire size used. The bonding conductor shall be solid or stranded, insulated or bare, and shall be 8 AWG copper minimum, or equivalent. The bonding conductor shall be routed so as not to be exposed to physical damage.
(3) Metallic Piping and Ducts. Metallic gas, water, and waste pipes and metallic air-circulating ducts shall be considered bonded if they are connected to the terminal on the chassis [scc 550.16(C) (1)] by clamps, solderless connectors, or by suit- able grounding-type straps.
(4) Metallic Roof and Exterior Coverings. Any metallic roof and exterior covering shall be considered bonded if the follow- ing conditions are met:
(1) The metal panels overlap one another and are securely attached to the wood or metal frame parts by metallic fasteners.
(2) The lower panel of the metallic exterior covering is secured by metallic fasteners at a cross member of the chassis by two metal straps per mobile home unit or section at opposite ends.
The bonding strap material shall be a minimum of 100 mm (4 in.) in width of material equivalent to the skin or a material of cqual or better electrical conductivity. The straps shall be fastened with paint-penetrating fittings such as screws and star- washers or equivalent.
550.17 Testing.
(A) Dielectric Strength Test. The wiring of cach mobile home shall be subjected to a 1-minute, 900-volt, dielectric strength test (with all switches closed) between live parts (including neutral conductor) and the mobile home ground. Alterna- tively, the test shall be permitted to be performed at 1080 volts for 1 second. This test shall be performed after branch circuits arc complete and after luminaires or appliances are installed.
Exception: Listed luminaires or appliances shall not be required to with- stand the dielectric strength test.
(B) Continuity and Operational Tests and Polarity Checks. Each mobile home shall be subjected to all of the following:
(1) An electrical continuity test to ensure that all exposed electrically conductive parts are properly bonded
(2) An electrical operational test to demonstrate that all equipment, except water heaters and electric furnaces, is connected and in working order
(3) Electrical polarity checks of permanently wired equip- ment and receptacle outlets to determine that connec- tions have been properly made
550.18 Calculations. The following method shall be employed in calculating the supply-cord and distribution-panelboard load for cach feeder assembly for cach mobile home in licu of the procedure shown in Article 220 and shall be based on a 3-wirc, 120/240-volt supply with 120-volt loads balanced between the two ungrounded conductors of the 3-wire system.
(A) Lighting, Small-Appliance, and Laundry Load.
(1) Lighting Volt-Amperes. Length times width of mobile home floor (outside dimensions) times 33 volt-amperes/m2 (3 VA/ft2)- for example, length x width x 3 = lighting volt- amperes.
(2) Small-Appliance Volt-Amperes. Number of circuits times 1500 volt-amperes for cach 20-ampere appliance receptacle circuit - for example, number of circuits x 1500 = small- appliance volt-amperes.
(3) Laundry Area Circuit Volt-Amperes. 1500 volt-amperes.
(4) Total Volt-Amperes. Lighting volt-amperes plus small- appliance volt-amperes plus laundry arca volt-amperes equals total volt-amperes.
(5) Net Volt-Amperes. First 3000 total volt-amperes at 100 percent plus remainder at 35 percent equals volt-amperes to be divided by 240 volts to obtain current (amperes) per leg.
(B) Total Load for Determining Power Supply. Total load for determining power supply is the sum of the following:
(1) Lighting and small-appliance load as calculated in 550.18(A) (5).
(2) Nameplate amperes for motors and heater loads (exhaust fans, air conditioners, electric, gas, or oil heating). Omit smaller of the heating and cooling loads, except include blower motor if used as air-conditioner evaporator motor. Where an air conditioner is not installed and a 40-ampere power-supply cord is provided, allow 15 amperes per leg for air conditioning.
(3) Twenty-five percent of current of largest motor in Table 550.18(B).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-505
550.18
ARTICLE 550 - MOBILE HOMES, MANUFACTURED HOMES, AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
(4) Total of nameplate amperes for waste disposer, dish- washer, water heater, clothes dryer, wall-mounted oven, cooking units. Where the number of these appliances exceeds three, use 75 percent of total.
(5) Derive amperes for freestanding range (as distinguished from separate ovens and cooking units) by dividing the following values by 240 volts as shown in Table 550.18(B).
(6) If outlets or circuits are provided for other than factory- installed appliances, include the anticipated load.
Informational Note: See Informative Annex D, Example D11, for an illustration of the application of this calculation.
(C) Optional Method of Calculation for Lighting and Appli- ance Load. The optional method for calculating lighting and appliance load shown in 220.82 shall be permitted.
550.19 Interconnection of Multiple-Section Mobile or Manu- factured Home Units.
(A) Wiring Methods. Approved and listed fixed-type wiring methods shall be used to join portions of a circuit that must be electrically joined and are located in adjacent sections after the home is installed on its support foundation. The circuit's junc- tion shall be accessible for disassembly when the home is prepared for relocation.
Informational Note: See 550.15(K) for component interconnec- tions.
(B) Disconnecting Means. Expandable or multiunit manufac- tured homes, not having permanently installed feeders, that arc to be moved from one location to another shall be permit- ted to have disconnecting means with branch-circuit protective equipment in cach unit when so located that after assembly or joining together of units, the requirements of 550.10 will be mct.
550.20 Outdoor Outlets, Luminaires, Air-Cooling Equipment, and So Forth.
(A) Listed for Outdoor Use. Outdoor luminaires and cquip- ment shall be listed for wet locations or outdoor use. Outdoor receptacles shall comply with 406.9. Where located on the underside of the home or located under roof extensions or similarly protected locations, outdoor luininaires and cquip- ment shall be listed for use in damp locations.
(B) Outside Heating Equipment, Air-Conditioning Equipment, or Both. A mobile home provided with a branch circuit designed to energize outside heating equipment, air- conditioning equipment, or both, located outside the mobile home, other than room air conditioners, shall have such branch-circuit conductors terminate in a listed outlet box, or
Table 550.18(B) Freestanding Range Load
Nameplate Rating (watts)
Use (volt-amperes)
0-10,000
80 percent of rating
Over 10,000-12,500
8,000
Over 12,500-13,500
8,400
Over 13,500-14,500
8,800
Over 14,500-15,500
9,200
Over 15,500-16,500
9,600
Over 16,500-17,500
10,000
disconnecting means, located on the outside of the mobile home. A label shall be permanently affixed adjacent to the outlet box and shall contain the following information:
THIS CONNECTION IS FOR HEATING AND/OR AIR-CONDITIONING EQUIPMENT. THE BRANCH CIRCUIT IS RATED AT NOT MORE THAN AMPERES, AT VOLTS, 60 HERTZ,
CONDUCTOR AMPACITY. A DISCONNECTING MEANS SHALL BE LOCATED WITHIN SIGHT OF THE EQUIPMENT.
The correct voltage and ampere rating shall be given. The tag shall be not less than 0.51 mm (0.020 in.) thick ctched brass, stainless steel, anodized or alclad aluminum, or cquiva- lent. The tag shall not be less than 75 mm by 45 mm (3 in. by 13/4 in.) minimum sizc.
550.25 Arc-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. All 120-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere branch circuits supplying outlets or devices installed in mobile homes and manufactured homes shall comply with 210.12
Part III. Services and Feeders
550.30 Distribution System. The mobile home park secondary electrical distribution system to mobile home lots shall be single-phase, 120/240 volts, nominal.
550.31 Allowable Demand Factors. Park electrical wiring systems shall be calculated (at 120/240 volts) on the larger of the following:
(1) 16,000 volt-amperes for cach mobile home lot
(2) The load calculated in accordance with 550.18 for the largest typical mobile home that cach lot will accept
It shall be permissible to calculate the feeder or service load in accordance with Table 550.31. No demand factor shall be allowed for any other load, except as provided in this Code.
550.32 Service Equipment.
(A) Mobile Home Service Equipment. The mobile home serv- ice equipment shall not be mounted in or on the mobile home. The service equipment shall be rated not less than that
Table 550.31 Demand Factors for Services and Feeders
Number of Mobile Homes
Demand Factor (%)
123456 4 5 6
100
55
44
39
33
29
7-9
28
10-12
27
13-15
26
16-21
25
22-40
24
41-60
23
61 and over
22
70-506
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
550.33
ARTICLE 550 - MOBILE HOMES, MANUFACTURED HOMES, AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
required in accordance with 550.32(C), mounted in a readily accessible outdoor location, and within sight from the mobile home it serves. The mobile home service disconnect shall be permitted to be used as the emergency disconnect in accord- ance with 230.85.
(B) Manufactured Home Service Equipment. The manufac- tured home service equipment shall be permitted to be instal- led in or on a manufactured home, provided that all of the following conditions are met:
(1) The manufacturer shall include in its written installation instructions information indicating that the home shall be secured in place by an anchoring system or installed on and secured to a permanent foundation.
(2) The installation of the service shall comply with Part I through Part VII of Article 230.
(3) Mcans shall be provided for the connection of a ground- ing electrode conductor to the service equipment and routing it outside the structure.
(4) Bonding and grounding of the service shall be in accord- ance with Part I through Part V of Article 250.
(5) The manufacturer shall include in its written installation instructions one method of grounding the service equip- ment at the installation site. The instructions shall clearly state that other methods of grounding are found in Arti- clc 250.
(6) The minimum size grounding electrode conductor shall be specified in the instructions.
(7) A warning label shall be mounted on or adjacent to the service equipment. The label shall meet the requirements in 110.21 (B) and shall state the following:
WARNING DO NOT PROVIDE ELECTRICAL POWER UNTIL THE GROUNDING ELECTRODE(S) IS INSTALLED AND CONNECTED (SEE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS).
Where the service equipment is not installed in or on the unit, the installation shall comply with the other requirements of this section.
(C) Rating. Mobile home service equipment shall be rated at not less than 100 amperes at 120/240 volts, and provisions shall be made for connecting a mobile home feeder assembly by a permanent wiring method. Power outlets used as mobile home service equipment shall also be permitted to contain recepta- cles rated up to 50 amperes with appropriate overcurrent protection. Fifty-ampere receptacles shall conform to the configuration shown in Figure 550.10(C).
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure 14-50, for complete details of the 50-ampere plug and receptacle configuration.
(D) Additional Outside Electrical Equipment. Mcans for connecting a mobile home accessory building or structure or additional electrical equipment located outside a mobile home by a fixed wiring method shall be provided in either the mobile home service equipment or the local external disconnecting means permitted in 550.32(A).
(E) Additional Receptacles. Receptacles located outside a mobile or manufactured home shall be provided with ground- fault circuit-interrupter protection as specified by 210.8(A). Where receptacles provide power to a mobile or manufactured home in accordance with 550.10, ground-fault circuit- interrupter protection shall not be required.
(F) Mounting Height. Outdoor mobile home disconnecting mcans shall be installed so the bottom of the enclosure containing the disconnecting means is not less than 600 mm (2 ft) above finished grade or working platform. The discon- necting means shall be installed so that the center of the grip of the operating handle, when in the highest position, is not more than 2.0 m (6 ft 7 in.) above the finished grade or work- ing platform.
(G) Marking. Where a 125/250-volt receptacle is used in mobile home service equipment, the service equipment shall be marked as follows:
TURN DISCONNECTING SWITCH OR CIRCUIT BREAKER OFF BEFORE INSERTING OR REMOVING PLUG. PLUG MUST BE FULLY INSERTED OR REMOVED.
The marking shall be located on the service equipment adja- cent to the receptacle outlet.
550.33 Feeder.
(A) Feeder Equipment. The feeder assembly, including the disconnecting means, shall not be mounted in or on the mobile home. A manufactured home feeder disconnecting means shall be permitted to be installed in or on the manufac- tured home in accordance with the requirements of 550.32(B). The feeder equipment shall be rated not less than that required in 550.32(C), mounted in a readily accessible outdoor location, and within sight from the mobile home or manufac- tured home it serves. Grounding of the disconnecting means shall be in accordance with 250.32.
(B) Feeder Conductors. Feeder conductors shall comply with the following:
(1) Feeder conductors shall consist of cither a listed cord, factory installed in accordance with 550.10(B), or a permanently installed feeder consisting of four insulated, color-coded conductors that shall be identified by the factory or field marking of the conductors in compliance with 310.6. Equipment grounding conductors shall not be identified by stripping the insulation.
(2) Feeder conductors shall be installed in compliance with 250.32(B).
Exception: An existing feeder installed without an equipment ground- ing conductor shall be permitted to comply with 250.32(B)(1) Excep- tion No. 1.
(C) Feeder Capacity. Mobile home and manufactured home feeder circuit conductors shall have a capacity not less than the loads supplied, shall have an ampacity of not less than 100 amperes, and shall be permitted to be sized in accordance with 310.12.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-507
551.1
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
ARTICLE 551 Recreational Vehicles and Recreational Vehicle Parks
Part I. General
551.1 Scope. This article covers the electrical conductors and equipment other than low-voltage and automotive vehicle circuits or extensions thereof, installed within or on recrea- tional vehicles, the conductors that connect recreational vehi- cles to a supply of electricity, and the installation of equipment and devices related to electrical installations within a recrea- tional vehicle park.
Informational Note: See NFPA 1192-2021, Standard on Recrea- tional Vehicles, and ANSI/RVIA LV-2020, Standard for Low Voltage Systems in Conversion and Recreational Vehicles, for information on low-voltage systems.
551.3 Electrical Datum Plane Distances. The electrical datum planc distance(s) is determined by the normal high water level and encompasses the arcas subject to tidal movement and arcas in which the water level is affected by the conditions such as climate (rain or snowfall) or by human intervention (the open- ing and closing of dams or floodgates). The distance does not consider extremes due to natural or manmade disasters.
(A) Areas Subject to Tidal Fluctuations. In land arcas subject to tidal fluctuation, the electrical datum plane shall be a hori- zontal planc that is 606 mm (2 ft) above the highest high tide level for the arca occurring under normal circumstances.
(B) Areas Not Subject to Tidal Fluctuations. In land arcas not subject to tidal fluctuation, the electrical datum plane shall be a horizontal planc that is 606 mm (2 ft) above the normal high water level for the arca occurring under normal circumstances.
551.4 General Requirements.
(A) Not Covered. A recreational vehicle not used for the purposes as defined in 551.2 shall not be required to meet the requirements of Part IV pertaining to the number or capacity of circuits required. It shall, however, meet all other applicable requirements of this article if the recreational vehicle is provi- ded with an electrical installation intended to be energized from a 120-volt, 208Y/120-volt, or 120/240-volt, nominal, ac power-supply system.
(B) Systems. This article covers combination electrical systems, generator installations, and 120-volt, 208Y/120-volt, or 120/240-volt, nominal, systems.
Informational Note: See NFPA 1192-2021, Standard on Recrea- tional Vehicles, and ANSI/RVIA 12V-2020, Standard for Low Voltage Systems in Conversion and Recreational Vehicles, for information on low-voltage systems.
(C) Labels. Labels required by Article 551 shall be made of ctched, metal-stamped, or embossed brass; stainless steel; plas- tic laminates not less than 0.13 mm (0.005 in.) thick; or anodized or alclad aluminum not less than 0.5 mm (0.020 in.) thick or the equivalent.
Informational Note: See ANSI Z535.4-2011, Product Safety Signs and Labels, for guidance on other label criteria used in the recreational vehicle industry.
Part II. Combination Electrical Systems
551.20 Combination Electrical Systems.
(A) General. Vchicle wiring suitable for connection to a battery or de supply source shall be permitted to be connected to a 120-volt source, provided the entire wiring system and equipment are rated and installed in full conformity with Parts I, II, III, IV, and V requirements of this article covering 120-volt electrical systems. Circuits fed from ac transformers shall not supply dc appliances.
(B) Voltage Converters (120-Volt Alternating Current to Low- Voltage Direct Current). The 120-volt ac side of the voltage converter shall be wired in full conformity with the require- ments of Parts I, II, and IV of this article for 120-volt electrical systems.
Exception: Converters supplied as an integral part of a listed appliance shall not be subject to 551.20(B).
All converters and transformers shall be listed for use in recreational vehicles and designed or cquipped to provide overtemperature protection. To determine the converter rating, the following percentages shall be applied to the total connected load, including average battery charging rate, of all 12-volt equipment:
The first 20 amperes of load at 100 percent plus The second 20 amperes of load at 50 percent plus
All load above 40 amperes at 25 percent
Exception: A low-voltage appliance that is controlled by a momentary switch (normally open) that has no means for holding in the closed position or refrigerators with a 120-volt function shall not be considered as a connected load when determining the required converter rating. Momentarily energized appliances shall be limited to those used to prepare the vehicle for occupancy or travel.
(C) Bonding Voltage Converter Enclosures. The non-current- carrying metal enclosure of the voltage converter shall be connected to the frame of the vehicle with a minimum 8 AWG copper conductor. The voltage converter shall be provided with a separate chassis bonding conductor that shall not be used as a current-carrying conductor.
(D) Dual-Voltage Fixtures, Including Luminaires or Applian- ces. Fixtures, including luminaires, or appliances having both 120-volt and low-voltage connections shall be listed for dual voltage.
(E) Autotransformers. Autotransformers shall not be used.
(F) Receptacles and Plug Caps. Where a recreational vehicle is cquipped with an ac system, a low-voltage system, or both, receptacles and plug caps of the low-voltage system shall differ in configuration from those of the ac system. Where a vehicle cquipped with a battery or other low-voltage system has an external connection for low-voltage power, the connector shall have a configuration that will not accept ac power.
Part III. Other Power Sources
551.30 Generator Installations.
(A) Mounting. Generators shall be mounted in such a manner as to be effectively bonded to the recreational vehicle chassis. The connection of the electrical system produced by the gener-
70-508
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
551.40
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
ator shall provide an effective ground-fault return path when operational.
(B) Generator Protection. Equipment shall be installed to ensure that the current-carrying conductors from the engine generator and from an outside source are not connected to a vehicle circuit at the same time. Automatic transfer switches in such applications shall be listed for use in one of the following:
(1) Emergency systems
(2) Optional standby systems
Receptacles used as disconnecting means shall be accessible (as applied to wiring methods) and capable of interrupting their rated current without hazard to the operator.
(C) Installation of Storage Batteries and Generators. Storage batteries and internal-combustion-driven generator units (subject to the provisions of this Code) shall be secured in place to avoid displacement from vibration and road shock.
(D) Ventilation of Generator Compartments. Compartments accommodating internal-combustion-driven generator units shall be provided with ventilation in accordance with instruc- tions provided by the manufacturer of the generator unit.
Informational Note: See NFPA 1192-2021, Standard on Recrea- tional Vehicles, for generator compartment construction require- ments.
(E) Supply Conductors. The supply conductors from the engine generator to the first termination on the vehicle shall be of the stranded type and be installed in listed flexible conduit or listed liquidtight flexible conduit. The point of first termination shall be in one of the following:
(1) Panelboard
(2) Junction box with a blank cover
(3) Junction box with a receptacle
(4) Enclosed transfer switch
(5) Receptacle assembly listed in conjunction with the gener- ator
The panelboard, enclosed transfer switch, or junction box with a receptacle shall be installed within 450 mm (18 in.) of the point of entry of the supply conductors into the vehicle. A junction box with a blank cover shall be mounted on the compartment wall inside or outside the compartment; to any part of the generator-supporting structure (but not to the generator); to the vehicle floor on the outside of the vehicle; or within 450 mm (18 in.) of the point of entry of the supply conductors into the vehicle. A receptacle assembly listed in conjunction with the generator shall be mounted in accord- ance with its listing.
551.31 Multiple Supply Source.
(A) Multiple Supply Sources. Where a multiple supply system consisting of an alternate power source and a power-supply cord is installed, the feeder from the alternate power source shall be protected by an overcurrent protective device. Installa- tion shall be in accordance with 551.30(A), 351.30(B), and 551.40.
(B) Multiple Supply Sources Capacity. The multiple supply sources shall not be required to be of the same capacity.
(C) Alternate Power Sources Exceeding 30 Amperes. If an alternate power source exceeds 30 amperes, 120 volts, nominal, it shall be permissible to wire it as a 120-volt, nominal, system, a 208Y/120-volt, nominal, system, or a 120/240-volt, nominal,
system, provided an overcurrent protective device of the proper rating is installed in the feeder.
(D) Feeder Assembly Not Less Than 30 Amperes. The exter- nal feeder assembly shall be permitted to be less than the calcu- lated load but not less than 30 amperes and shall have overcurrent protection not greater than the capacity of the external feeder assembly.
551.32 Other Sources. Other sources of ac power, such as inverters, motor generators, or engine generators, shall be listed for use in recreational vehicles and shall be installed in accordance with the terms of the listing. Other sources of ac power shall be wired in full conformity with the requirements in Parts I, II, III, IV, and V of this article covering 120-volt clcc- trical systems.
551.33 Alternate Source Restrictions. Transfer equipment, if not integral with the listed power source, shall be installed to ensure that the current-carrying conductors from other sources of ac power and from an outside source are not connected to the vehicle circuit at the same time. Automatic transfer switches in such applications shall be listed for use in one of the follow- ing:
(1) Emergency systems
(2) Optional standby systems
Part IV. Nominal 120-Volt or 120/240-Volt Systems
551.40 120-Volt or 120/240-Volt, Nominal, Systems.
(A) General Requirements. The electrical equipment and material of recreational vehicles indicated for connection to a wiring system rated 120 volts, nominal, 2-wire with equipment grounding conductor, or a wiring system rated 120/240 volts, nominal, 3-wire with equipment grounding conductor, shall be listed and installed in accordance with Parts I, II, III, IV, and V of this article. Electrical equipment connected line-to-line shall have a nominal voltage rating of 208-230 volts.
(B) Materials and Equipment. Electrical materials, devices, appliances, fittings, and other equipment installed in, intended for use in, or attached to the recreational vehicle shall be listed. All products shall be used only in the manner in which they have been tested and found suitable for the intended usc.
(C) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. The internal wiring of a recreational vehicle having only one 15- or 20- ampere branch circuit as permitted in 551.42(A) and (B) shall have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel. The ground-fault circuit interrupter shall be installed at the point where the power supply assembly terminates within the recreational vehicle. Where a separable cord set is not employed, the ground-fault circuit interrupter shall be permit- ted to be an integral part of the attachment plug of the feeder assembly. The ground-fault circuit interrupter shall provide protection also under the conditions of an open grounded circuit conductor, interchanged circuit conductors, or both.
(D) Loss of Ground Device. Each recreational vehicle shall have a listed grounding monitor interrupter permanently installed between the feeder assembly connection to the vehi- cle and before either a transfer switch if installed or the panel- board. This requirement shall become effective January 1, 2026.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-509
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
551.41
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
551.41 Receptacle Outlets Required.
(A) Spacing. Receptacle outlets shall be installed at wall spaces 600 mm (2 ft) wide or more so that no point along the floor line is more than 1.8 m (6 ft), measured horizontally, from an outlet in that spacc.
Exception No. 1: Bath and hallway areas shall not be required to comply with 551.41(A).
Exception No. 2: Wall spaces occupied by kitchen cabinets, wardrobe cabinets, built-in furniture, behind doors that can open fully against a wall surface, or similar facilities shall not be required to comply with 551.41(A).
Exception No. 3: Wall spaces in the special transportation area of a recreational vehicle designed to transport internal combustion vehicles shall not be required to comply with 551.41(A).
(B) Location. Receptacle outlets shall be installed as follows:
(1) Adjacent to countertops in the kitchen [at least one on cach side of the sink if countertops are on cach side and arc 300 mm (12 in.) or over in width and depth].
(2) Adjacent to the refrigerator and gas range space, except where a gas-fired refrigerator or cooking appliance, requiring no external electrical connection, is factory installed.
(3) Adjacent to countertop spaces of 300 mm (12 in.) or more in width and depth that cannot be reached from a receptacle required in 551.41 (B) (1) by a cord of 1.8 m (6 ft) without crossing a traffic arca, cooking appliance, or sink.
(4) Rooftop decks that are accessible from inside the recrea- tional vehicle shall have at least one receptacle installed within the perimeter of the rooftop deck. The receptacle shall not be located more than 1.2 m (4 ft) above the balcony, deck, or porch surface. The receptacle shall comply with the requirements of 406.9(B) for wet loca- tions.
(5) A special transportation arca of recreational vehicles designed to transport internal combustion engine vchi- cles shall have at least one receptacle installed.
(C) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. Where provi- ded, cach 125-volt, single-phase, 15- or 20-ampere receptacle outlet shall have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel in the following locations:
(1) Adjacent to a bathroom lavatory
(2) Where the receptacles are installed to serve the counter- top surfaces and are within 1.8 m (6 ft) of any lavatory or sink
Exception No. 1: Receptacles installed for appliances in dedicated spaces, such as for disposals, refrigerators, and freezers shall not require ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection.
Exception No. 2: Single receptacles for interior connections of expanda- ble room sections shall not require ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection.
Exception No. 3: De-energized receptacles that are within 1.8 m (6 ft) of any sink or lavatory due to the retraction of the expandable room section shall not require ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection.
(3) In the arca occupied by a toilet, shower, tub, or any combination thereof
(4) On the exterior of the vehicle
Exception: Receptacles that are located inside of an access panel that is installed on the exterior of the vehicle to supply power for an installed appliance shall not be required to have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection.
(5) In the special transportation arca of a recreational vehicle that is separated from the living arca by a wall
The receptacle outlet shall be permitted in a listed lumin- airc. A receptacle outlet shall not be installed in a tub or combination tub-shower compartment.
(D) Face-Up Position. A receptacle shall not be installed in a facc-up position in any countertop or similar horizontal surfacc.
551.42 Branch Circuits Required. Each recreational vehicle containing an ac electrical system shall contain one of the circuit arrangements in 551.42(A) through (D).
(A) One 15-Ampere Circuit. One 15-ampere circuit to supply lights, receptacle outlets, and fixed appliances. Such recrea- tional vehicles shall be equipped with one 15-ampere switch and fuse or one 15-ampere circuit breaker.
(B) One 20-Ampere Circuit. Onc 20-ampere circuit to supply lights, receptacle outlets, and fixed appliances. Such recrea- tional vehicles shall be equipped with one 20-ampere switch and fuse or one 20-ampere circuit breaker.
(C) Two to Five 15- or 20-Ampere Circuits. Two to five 15- or 20-ampere circuits to supply lights, receptacle outlets, and fixed appliances shall be permitted. Such recreational vehicles shall be permitted to be equipped with panelboards rated 120 volts maximum or 120/240 volts maximum and listed for 30-ampere application supplied by the appropriate feeder assemblies. . Not more than two 120-volt thermostatically controlled appliances shall be installed in such systems unless appliance isolation switching, energy management systems, or similar methods are uscd.
Exception No. 1: Additional 15- or 20-ampere circuits shall be permit- ted where a listed energy management system rated at 30-amperes maxi- mum is employed within the system.
Exception No. 2: Six 15- or 20-ampere circuits shall be permitted with- out employing an energy management system, provided that the added sixth circuit serves only the power converter, and the combined load of all six circuits does not exceed the allowable load that was designed for use by the original five circuits.
Informational Note: See 210.23(B) for permissible loads. See 551.45(C) for main disconnect and overcurrent protection requirements.
(D) More Than Five Circuits Without a Listed Energy Manage- ment System. A 50-ampere, 120/208-240-volt feeder assembly and a minimum 50-ampere-rated panelboard shall be used where six or more circuits are employed. The load distribution shall ensure a reasonable current balance between phases.
551.43 Branch-Circuit Protection.
(A) Rating. The branch-circuit overcurrent devices shall be rated as follows:
(1) Not more than the circuit conductors, and
(2) Not more than 150 percent of the rating of a single appli- ance rated 13.3 amperes or more and supplied by an indi- vidual branch circuit, but
70-510
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
551.46
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
(3) Not more than the overcurrent protection size marked on an air conditioner or other motor-operated appliances
(B) Protection for Smaller Conductors. A 20-ampere fuse or circuit breaker shall be permitted for protection for fixtures, including luminaires, leads, cords, or small appliances, and 14 AWG tap conductors, not over 1.8 m (6 ft) long for recessed luminaires.
(C) Fifteen-Ampere Receptacles Considered Protected by 20 Amperes. If more than one receptacle or load is on a branch circuit, 15-ampere receptacles shall be permitted to be protected by a 20-ampere fuse or circuit breaker.
551.44 Feeder Assembly. Each recreational vehicle shall have only one of the main feeder assemblies covered in 551.44(A) through (D).
(A) Fifteen-Ampere Main Feeder Assembly. Recreational vchi- cles wired in accordance with 551.42(A) shall use a listed 15- ampere or larger main feeder assembly.
(B) Twenty-Ampere Main Feeder Assembly. Recreational vchi- cles wired in accordance with 551.42(B) shall use a listed 20- ampere or larger main feeder assembly.
(C) Thirty-Ampere Main Feeder Assembly. Recreational vchi- cles wired in accordance with 551.42(C) shall use a listed 30- ampere or larger main feeder assembly.
(D) Fifty-Ampere Feeder Assembly. Recreational vehicles wired in accordance with 551.42(D) shall use a listed 50- ampere, 120/208-240-volt main feeder assembly.
551.45 Panelboard.
(A) Listed and Appropriately Rated. A listed and appropriately rated panelboard or other equipment specifically listed for this purpose shall be used. The grounded conductor termination bar shall be insulated from the enclosure as provided in 551.54(C). An equipment grounding terminal bar shall be attached inside the enclosure of the panelboard.
(B) Location. The panelboard shall be installed in a readily accessible location with the RV in the setup mode. Working clearance for the panelboard with the RV in the setup mode shall be not less than 600 mm (24 in.) wide and 750 mm (30 in.) decp.
Exception No. 1: Where the panelboard cover is exposed to the inside aisle space, one of the working clearance dimensions shall be permitted to be reduced to a minimum of 550 mm (22 in.). A panelboard is considered exposed where the panelboard cover is within 50 mm (2 in.) of the aisle's finished su face or not more than 25 mm (1 in. ) from the backside of doors that enclose the space.
Exception No. 2: Compartment doors used for access to a generator shall be permitted to be equipped with a locking system.
(C) Dead-Front Type. The panelboard shall be of the dead- front type and shall consist of one or more circuit breakers or Type S fuscholders. A main disconnecting means shall be provi- ded where fuses are used or where more than two circuit break- ers are employed. A main overcurrent protective device not exceeding the feeder assembly rating shall be provided where more than two branch circuits are employed.
551.46 Means for Connecting to Power Supply.
(A) Assembly. The feeder assembly or assemblies shall be factory supplied or factory installed and be of one of the types specified herein.
(1) Separable. Where a separable feeder assembly consisting of a cord with a female connector and molded attachment plug cap is provided, the vehicle shall be equipped with a perma- nently mounted, flanged surface inlet (male, recessed-type motor-base attachment plug) wired directly to the panelboard by an approved wiring method. The attachment plug cap shall be of a listed typc.
(2) Permanently Connected. Each feeder assembly shall be connected directly to the terminals of the panelboard or conductors within a junction box and provided with means to prevent strain from being transmitted to the terminals. The ampacity of the conductors between cach junction box and the terminals of cach panelboard shall be at least cqual to the ampacity of the power-supply cord. The supply end of the assembly shall be equipped with an attachment plug of the type described in 551.46(C). Where the cord passes through the walls or floors, it shall be protected by means of conduit and bushings or equivalent. The cord assembly shall have perma- nent provisions for protection against corrosion and mechani- cal damage while the vehicle is in transit and while the cord assembly is being stored or removed for usc.
(B): Cord. The cord exposed usable length shall be measured from the point of entrance to the recreational vehicle or the face of the flanged surface inlet (motor-base attachment plug) to the face of the attachment plug at the supply end.
The cord exposed usable length, measured to the point of entry on the vehicle exterior, shall be a minimum of 7.5 m (25 ft) where the point of entrance is at the side of the vehicle or shall be a minimum 9.0 m (30 ft) where the point of entrance is at the rear of the vehicle.
Where the cord entrance into the vehicle is more than 900 mm (3 ft) above the ground, the minimum cord lengths above shall be increased by the vertical distance of the cord entrance heights above 900 mm (3 ft).
Informational Note: See 551.46(E) for location of point of entrance of a power-supply assembly on the recreational vehicle exterior.
(C) Attachment Plugs.
(1) Units with One 15-Ampere Branch Circuit. Recreational vehicles having only one 15-ampere branch circuit as permitted by 551.42(A) shall have an attachment plug that shall be 2- pole, 3-wire grounding type, rated 15 amperes, 125 volts, conforming to the configuration shown in Figure 551.46(C) (1).
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure 5.15, for complete details of this configuration.
(2) Units with One 20-Ampere Branch Circuit. Recreational vehicles having only one 20-ampere branch circuit as permitted in 551.42(B) shall have an attachment plug that shall be 2-polc, 3-wire grounding type, rated 20 amperes, 125 volts, conforming to the configuration shown in Figure 551.46(C) (1).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-511
551.46
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
Receptacles
Caps
125-V, 20-A, 2-pole, 3-wire, grounding type
OG
W
20-A, 125-V, 2-pole, 3-wire, grounding type
w
G I
125-V, 15-A, 2-pole, 3-wire, grounding type
OG
G
W
1 W
30-A, 125-V, 2-pole, 3-wire, grounding type
OG
OG
Y0 0x
x
IY
Iw
50-A, 125/250-V, 3-pole, 4-wire, grounding type
FIGURE 551.46(C)(1) Configurations for Grounding-Type Receptacles and Attachment Plug Caps Used for Recreational Vehicle Supply Cords and Recreational Vehicle Lots.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure 5.20, for complete details of this configuration.
(3) Units with Two to Five 15- or 20-Ampere Branch Circuits. Recreational vehicles wired in accordance with 551.42(C) shall have an attachment plug that shall be 2-pole, 3-wire grounding type, rated 30 amperes, 125 volts, conforming to the configura- tion shown in Figure 551.46(C) (1) intended for use with units rated at 30 amperes, 125 volts.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure TT, for complete details of this configuration.
(4) Units with 50-Ampere Power-Supply Assembly. Recrca- tional vehicles having a power-supply assembly rated 50 amperes as permitted by 551.42(D) shall have a 3-polc, 4- wirc grounding-type attachment plug rated 50 amperes, 125/250 volts, conforming to the configuration shown in Figure 551.46(C) (1).
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure 14.50, for complete details of this configuration.
(D) Labeling at Electrical Entrance. Each recreational vehicle shall have a safety label with the signal word WARNING in minimum 6-mm (1/4-in.) high letters and body text in minimum 3-mm (1/-in.) high letters on a contrasting background. The safety label shall be affixed to the exterior skin, at or near the point of entrance of the power-supply cord(s), and shall read, using one of the following warnings, as appropriate:
WARNING THIS CONNECTION IS FOR 110-125-VOLT AC, 60 HZ, _AMPERE SUPPLY. DO NOT EXCEED CIRCUIT RATING. EXCEEDING THE CIRCUIT RATING CAN CAUSE A FIRE AND RESULT IN DEATH OR SERIOUS INJURY.
or
WARNING
THIS CONNECTION IS FOR 208Y/120-VOLT or 120/240-VOLT AC, 3-POLE, 4-WIRE, 60 HZ, AMPERE
SUPPLY.
DO NOT EXCEED CIRCUIT RATING. EXCEEDING THE CIRCUIT RATING CAN CAUSE A FIRE AND RESULT IN DEATH OR SERIOUS INJURY.
The correct ampere rating shall be marked in the blank spacc.
(E) Location. The point of entrance of a power-supply assem- bly shall be located within 4.5 m (15 ft) of the rear, on the left (road) side or at the rear, left of the longitudinal center of the vehicle, within 450 mm (18 in.) of the outside wall.
Exception No. 1: A recreational vehicle equipped with only a listed flexi- ble drain system or a side-vent drain system shall be permitted to have the electrical point of entrance located on either side, provided the drain(s) for the plumbing system is (are) located on the same side.
Exception No. 2: A recreational vehicle shall be permitted to have the electrical point of entrance located more than 4.5 m (15 ft) from the rear. Where this occurs, the distance beyond the 4.5-m (15-ft) dimension shall be added to the cord's minimum length as specified in 551.46(B).
Exception No. 3: Recreational vehicles designed for transporting live- stock shall be permitted to have the electrical point of entrance located on either side or the front.
551.47 Wiring Methods.
(A) Wiring Systems. Cables and raceways installed in accord- ance with Articles 320, 322, 330 through 340, 342 through 362, 386, and 388 shall be permitted in accordance with their appli- cable article, except as otherwise specified in this article. An equipment grounding means shall be provided in accordance with 250.118.
(B) Conduit and Tubing. Where rigid metal conduit or inter- mediate metal conduit is terminated at an enclosure with a locknut and bushing connection, two locknuts shall be provi- ded, one inside and one outside of the enclosure. All cut ends of conduit and tubing shall be reamed or otherwise finished to remove rough edges.
(C) Nonmetallic Boxes. Nonmetallic boxes shall be acceptable only with nonmetallic-shcathed cable or nonmetallic raceways.
(D) Boxes. In walls and ceilings constructed of wood or other combustible material, boxes and fittings shall be flush with the finished surface or project therefrom.
(E) Mounting. Wall and ceiling boxes shall be mounted in accordance with 314.23.
Exception No. 1: Snap-in-type boxes or boxes provided with special wall or ceiling brackets that securely fasten boxes in walls or ceilings shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: A wooden plate providing a 38-mm (11/2-in.) mini- mum width backing around the box and of a thickness of 13 mm (1/2 in.) or greater (actual) attached directly to the wall panel shall be considered as approved means for mounting outlet boxes.
(F) Raceway and Cable Continuity. Raccways and cable shcaths shall be continuous between boxes and other enclo- surcs.
70-512
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
551.47
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
(G) Protected. Metal-clad, Type AC, or nonmetallic-shcathed cables and electrical nonmetallic tubing shall be permitted to pass through the centers of the wide side of 2 by 4 wood studs. However, they shall be protected where they pass through 2 by 2 wood studs or at other wood studs or frames where the cable or tubing would be less than 32 mm (11/4 in.) from the inside or outside surface. Steel plates on cach side of the cable or tubing or a steel tube, with not less than 1.35 mm (0.053 in.) wall thickness, shall be installed to protect the cable or tubing. These plates or tubes shall be securely held in place. Where nonmetallic-sheathed cables pass through punched, cut, or drilled slots or holes in metal members, the cable shall be protected by bushings or grommets securely fastened in the opening prior to installation of the cable.
(H) Bends. No bend shall have a radius of less than five times the cable diameter.
(I) Cable Supports. Where connected with cable connectors or clamps, cables shall be secured and supported within 300 mm (12 in.) of outlet boxes, panelboards, and splice boxes on appliances. Supports and securing shall be provided at intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (41/2 ft) at other places.
(J) Nonmetallic Box Without Cable Clamps. Nonmetallic- shcathed cables shall be secured and supported within 200 mm (8 in.) of a nonmetallic outlet box without cable clamps. Where wiring devices with integral enclosures are employed with a loop of extra cable to permit future replacement of the device, the cable loop shall be considered as an integral portion of the device.
(K) Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, exposed nonmetallic cable shall be protected by covering boards, guard strips, raccways, or other means.
(L) Receptacle Faceplates. Mctal faceplates shall comply with 406.6(A). Nonmetallic faceplates shall comply with 406.6(C).
(M) Metal Faceplates Grounded. Metal faceplates shall be installed in compliance with 404.9(B) and 404.6(B).
(N) Moisture or Physical Damage. Wiring shall be protected in accordance with the following:
(1) Where outdoor or under-chassis line-voltage (120 volts, nominal, or higher) wiring is exposed, it shall be protec- ted by a conduit or raceway identified for use in wet loca- tions. The conductors shall be listed for use in wet locations.
(2) Where wiring is exposed to physical damage, it shall be protected by a raceway.
(O) Component Interconnections. Fittings and connectors that are intended to be concealed at the time of assembly shall be listed and identified for the interconnection of building components. Such fittings and connectors shall be equal to the wiring method employed in insulation, temperature risc, and fault-current withstanding and shall be capable of enduring the vibration and shock occurring in recreational vehicles.
(P) Method of Connecting Expandable Units. The method of connecting expandable units to the main body of the vehicle shall comply with 551.47(P) (1) or (P) (2).
(1) Cord-and-Plug-Connected. Cord-and-plug connections shall comply with 551.47(P) (1) (a) through (P) (1) (d).
(a) That portion of a branch circuit that is installed in an expandable unit shall be permitted to be connected to the
portion of the branch circuit in the main body of the vehicle by means of an attachment plug and cord listed for hard usage. The cord and its connections shall comply with Part I and Part II, as applicable, of Article 400 and shall be considered as a permitted use under 400.10. Where the attachment plug and cord are located within the vehicle's interior, use of plastic ther- moset or clastomer parallel cord Type SPT-3, SP-3, or SPE shall be permitted.
(b) Where the receptacle provided for connection of the cord to the main circuit is located on the outside of the vehicle, it shall be protected with a ground-fault circuit interrupter for personnel and be listed for wet locations. A cord located on the outside of a vehicle shall be identified for outdoor use.
(c) Unless removable or stored within the vehicle inte- rior, the cord assembly shall have permanent provisions for protection against corrosion and mechanical damage while the vehicle is in transit.
(d) The attachment plug and cord shall be installed so as not to permit exposed live attachment plug pins.
(2) Direct Wired. That portion of a branch circuit that is installed in an expandable unit shall be permitted to be connected to the portion of the branch circuit in the main body of the vehicle by means of flexible cord installed in accordance with 551.47(P) (2) (a) through (P) (2) (c) or other approved wiring method.
(a) The flexible cord shall be listed for hard usage and for use in wet locations.
:(b) . The flexible cord shall be permitted to be exposed on the underside of the vehicle.
(c) The flexible cord shall be permitted to pass through the interior of a wall or floor assembly or both a maximum concealed length of 600 mm (24 in.) before terminating at an outlet or junction box.
(d) Where concealed, the flexible cord shall be installed in nonflexible conduit or tubing that is continuous from the outlet or junction box inside the recreational vehicle to a weatherproof outlet box, junction box, or strain relief fitting listed for use in wet locations that is located on the underside of the recreational vehicle. The outer jacket of the flexible cord shall be continuous into the outlet or junction box.
(c) Where the flexible cord passes through the floor to an exposed arca inside of the recreational vehicle, it shall be protected by means of conduit and bushings or equivalent.
Where subject to physical damage, the flexible cord shall be protected with R.VC, IMC, Schedule 80 PVC, reinforced ther- mosetting resin conduit (RTRC) listed for exposure to physical damage, or other approved means and shall extend at least 150 mm (6 in.) above the floor. A means shall be provided to secure the flexible cord where it enters the recreational vchi- clc.
(Q) Prewiring for Air-Conditioning Installation. Prewiring installed for the purpose of facilitating future air-conditioning installation shall comply with the applicable portions of this article and the following:
(1) An overcurrent protective device with a rating compatible with the circuit conductors shall be installed in the panel- board and wiring connections completed.
(2) The load end of the circuit shall terminate in a junction box with a blank cover or other listed enclosure. Where a junction box with a blank cover is used, the free ends of the conductors shall be adequately capped or taped.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-513
551.47
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
(3) A safety label with the signal word WARNING in minimum 6-mm (1/4-in.) high letters and hody text in minimum 3-mm (Vs-in.) high letters on a contrasting background shall be affixed on or adjacent to the junc- tion box and shall read as follows:
WARNING AIR-CONDITIONING CIRCUIT. THIS CONNECTION IS FOR AIR CONDITIONERS RATED 110-125-VOLT AC, 60 HZ, AMPERES MAXIMUM. DO NOT EXCEED CIRCUIT RATING. EXCEEDING THE CIRCUIT RATING MAY CAUSE A FIRE AND RESULT IN DEATH OR SERIOUS INJURY.
An ampere rating, not to exceed 80 percent of the circuit rating, shall be legibly marked in the blank space.
(4) The circuit shall serve no other purpose.
(R) Prewiring for Generator Installation. Prewiring installed for the purpose of facilitating future generator installation shall comply with the other applicable portions of this article and the following:
(1) Circuit conductors shall be appropriately sized in relation to the anticipated load as stated on the label required in 551.47(R) (4).
(2) Where junction boxes are utilized at either of the circuit originating or terminus points, free ends of the conduc- tors shall be adequately capped or taped.
(3) Where devices such as receptacle outlet, transfer switch, and so forth, arc installed, the installation shall be complete, including circuit conductor connections.
(4) A safety label with the signal word WARNING in mini- mum 6 mm (1/4 in.) high letters and body text in mini- mum 3 mm (1/s in.) high letters on a contrasting background shall be affixed on the cover of cach junction box or transfer switch containing incomplete circuitry and shall read, using one of the following warnings, as appropriate:
WARNING GENERATOR ONLY INSTALLA GENERATOR LISTED SPECIFI- CALLY FOR RV USE HAVING OVERCURRENT PROTECTION RATED 110-125-VOLT AC, 60 HZ, AMPERES MAXIMUM. or
WARNING GENERATOR ONLY INSTALLA GENERATOR LISTED SPECIFI- CALLY FOR RV USE HAVING OVERCURRENT PROTECTION RATED 120-240-VOLT AC, 60 HZ, AMPERES MAXIMUM.
The correct ampere rating shall be legibly marked in the blank space.
(S) Prewiring for Other Circuits. Prewiring installed for the purpose of installing other appliances or devices shall comply with the applicable portions of this article and the following:
(1) An overcurrent protection device with a rating compati- ble with the circuit conductors shall be installed in the panelboard with wiring connections completed.
(2) The load end of the circuit shall terminate in a junction box with a blank cover or a device listed for the purpose. Where a junction box with blank cover is used, the free ends of the conductors shall be adequately capped or taped.
(3) A safety label with the signal word WARNING in mini- mum 6-mm (1/4-in.) high letters and body text in mini- mum 3-mm (Vs-in.) high letters on a contrasting background shall be affixed on or adjacent to the junc- tion box or device listed for the purpose and shall read as follows:
WARNING
THIS CONNECTION IS FOR RATED VOLT AG, 60 HZ, _AMPERES MAXIMUM. DO NOT EXCEED CIRCUIT RATING.
EXCEEDING THE CIRCUIT RATING MAY CAUSE A FIRE AND RESULT IN DEATH OR SERIOUS INJURY.
An ampere rating not to exceed 80 percent of the circuit rating shall be legibly marked in the blank space.
551.48 Conductors and Boxes. The maximum number of conductors permitted in boxes shall be in accordance with 314.16.
551.49 Grounded Conductors. The identification of grounded conductors shall be in accordance with 200.6.
551.50 Connection of Terminals and Splices. Conductor spli- ces and connections at terminals shall be in accordance with 110.14.
551.51 Switches.
(A) Rating. Switches shall be rated in accordance with 551.51 (A) (1) and (A)(2).
(1) Lighting Circuits. For lighting circuits, switches shall be rated not less than 10 amperes, 120-125 volts and in no case less than the connected load.
(2) Motors or Other Loads. Switches for motors or other loads shall comply with 404.14.
(B) Location. Switches shall not be installed within wet loca- tions in tub or shower spaces unless installed as part of a listed tub or shower assembly.
551.52 Receptacles. All receptacle outlets shall be of the grounding type and installed in accordance with 406.4 and 210.21.
551.53 Luminaires and Other Equipment.
(A) General. Any combustible wall or ceiling finish exposed between the edge of a canopy or pan of a luminaire or ceiling- suspended (paddle) fan and the outlet box shall be covered with noncombustible material.
(B) Shower Luminaires. If a luminaire is provided over a bath- tub or in a shower stall, it shall be of the enclosed and gasketed type and listed for the type of installation, and it shall be ground-fault circuit-interrupter protected.
(C) Outdoor Outlets, Luminaires, Air-Cooling Equipment, and So On. Outdoor luminaires and other equipment shall be listed for outdoor usc.
70-514
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL. CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
551.60
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
551.54 Grounding. (Scc also 551.56 on bonding of non- current-carrying metal parts.)
(A) Power-Supply Grounding. The equipment grounding conductor in the supply cord or feeder shall be connected to the equipment grounding bus or other approved equipment grounding means in the panelboard.
(B) Panelboard. The panelboard shall have an equipment grounding bus with terminals for all equipment grounding conductors or other approved equipment grounding means.
(C) Insulated Neutral Conductor. The neutral conductor shall be insulated from the equipment grounding conductors and from equipment enclosures and other grounded parts. The neutral conductor terminals in the panelboard and in ranges, clothes dryers, counter-mounted cooking units, and wall- mounted ovens shall be insulated from the equipment enclo- surc. Bonding screws, straps, or buses in the panelboard or in appliances shall be removed and discarded. Connection of electric ranges and electric clothes dryers utilizing a grounded conductor, if cord-connected, shall be made with 4-conductor cord and 3-pole, 4-wire grounding-type plug caps and recepta- cles.
551.55 Interior Equipment Grounding.
(A) Exposed Metal Parts. In the electrical system, all exposed metal parts, enclosures, frames, luminaire canopies, and so forth, shall be effectively bonded to the grounding terminals or enclosure of the panelboard.
(B) Equipment Grounding and Bonding Conductors. Barc wires, insulated wire with an outer finish that is green or green with one or more yellow stripes, shall be used for equipment grounding or bonding conductors only.
(C) Grounding of Electrical Equipment. Grounding of electri- cal equipment shall be accomplished by one or more of the following methods:
(1) Connection of metal raceway, the sheath of Type MC and Type MI cable where the sheath is identified for ground- ing, or the armor of Type AC cable to metal enclosures.
(2) A connection between the one or more equipment grounding conductors and a metal enclosure by means of a grounding screw, which shall be used for no other purpose, or a listed grounding device.
(3) The equipment grounding conductor in nonmetallic- shcathed cable shall be permitted to be secured under a screw threaded into the luminaire canopy other than a mounting screw or cover screw, or attached to a listed grounding means (plate) in a nonmetallic outlet box for luminaire mounting. [Grounding means shall also be permitted for luminaire attachment screws.]
(D) Grounding Connection in Nonmetallic Box. A connection between the one or more equipment grounding conductors brought into a nonmetallic outlet box shall be so arranged that a connection of the equipment grounding conductor can be made to any fitting or device in that box that requires ground- ing.
(E) Grounding Continuity. Where more than one equipment grounding or bonding conductor of a branch circuit enters a box, all such conductors shall be connected together using a method specified in 250.8, and the arrangement shall be such that the disconnection or removal of a receptacle, luminaire,
or other device fed from the box will not interfere with or interrupt the grounding continuity.
(F) Cord-Connected Appliances. Cord-connected appliances, such as washing machines, clothes dryers, refrigerators, and the electrical system of gas ranges, and so forth, shall be grounded by means of an approved cord with equipment grounding conductor and grounding-type attachment plug.
551.56 Bonding of Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts.
(A) Required Bonding. All exposed non-current-carrying metal parts that are likely to become energized shall be effec- tively bonded to the grounding terminal or enclosure of the panelboard.
(B) Bonding Chassis. A bonding conductor shall be connec- ted between any panelboard and an accessible terminal on the chassis. Bonding terminations shall be suitable for the environ- ment in which the conductors and terminations are installed.
Exception: Any recreational vehicle that employs a unitized metal chassis-frame construction to which the panelboard is securely fastened with a bolt(s) and nut(s) or by welding or riveting shall be considered to be bonded.
(C) Bonding Conductor Requirements. Grounding terminals shall be of the solderless type and listed as pressure terminal connectors recognized for the wire size used. The bonding conductor shall be solid or stranded, insulated or barc, and shall be 8 AWG copper minimum, or cqual.
(D) Metallic Roof and Exterior Bonding. The metal roof and exterior covering shall be considered bonded where both of the following conditions apply:
(1) The metal panels overlap one another and are securely attached to the wood or metal frame parts by metal fa.steners.
(2) The lower panel of the metal exterior covering is secured by metal fastenersat cach cross member of the chassis, or the lower panel is connected to the chassis by a metal strap.
(E) Gas, Water, and Waste Pipe Bonding. The gas, water, and waste pipes shall be considered grounded if they are bonded to the chassis.
(F) Furnace and Metal Air Duct Bonding. Furnace and metal circulating air ducts shall be bonded.
551.57 Appliance Accessibility and Fastening. Every appliance shall be accessible for inspection, service, repair, and replace- ment without removal of permanent construction. Means shall be provided to securely fasten appliances in place when the recreational vehicle is in transit.
Part V. Factory Tests
551.60 Factory Tests (Electrical). Each recreational vehicle designed with a 120-volt or a 120/240-volt electrical system shall withstand the applied voltage without electrical break- down of a 1-minute, 900-volt ac or 1280-volt dc dielectric strength test, or a 1-second, 1080-volt ac or 1530-volt dc diclec- tric strength test, with all switches closed, between ungrounded and grounded conductors and the recreational vehicle ground. During the test, all switches and other controls shall be in the "on" position. Fixtures, including luminaires and permanently installed appliances, shall not be required to withstand this test.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-515
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
551.71
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
The test shall be performed after branch circuits are complete prior to energizing the system and again after all outer cover- ings and cabinetry have been secured. The dielectric test shall be performed in accordance with the test equipment manufac- turer's written instructions.
Each recreational vehicle shall be subjected to all of the following:
(1) A continuity test to ensure that all metal parts are prop- crly bonded
(2) Operational tests to demonstrate that all equipment is properly connected and in working order
(3) Polarity checks to determine that connections have been properly made
(4) GFCI test to demonstrate that the ground fault protection device(s) installed on the recreational vehicle are operat- ing properly
Part VI. Recreational Vehicle Parks
551.71 Type Receptacles Provided.
(A) 20-Ampere. Every recreational vehicle site with electrical supply shall be equipped with recreational vehicle site supply equipment with at least one 20-ampere, 125-volt weather- resistant receptacle. This receptacle, when used in recreational vehicle site electrical equipment, shall not be required to be tamper-resistant in accordance with 406.12.
(B) 30-Ampere. A minimum of 70 percent of all recreational vehicle sites with electrical supply shall cach be equipped with a 30-ampere, 125-volt weather-resistant receptacle conforming to Figure 551.46(C) (1). This supply shall be permitted to include additional receptacle configurations conforming to 551.81. The remainder of all recreational vehicle sites with electrical supply shall be equipped with one or more of the receptacle configurations conforming to 551.81.
(C) 50-Ampere. A minimum of 20 percent of existing and 40 percent of all new recreational vehicle sites with electrical supply, shall cach be equipped with a 50-ampere, 125/250-volt weather-resistant receptacle conforming to the configuration as identified in Figure 551.46(C) (1). Every recreational vehicle site equipped with a 50-ampere receptacle shall also be equip- ped with a 30-ampere, 125-volt receptacle conforming to Figure 551.46(C) (1). These electrical supplies shall be permitted to include additional receptacles that have configurations in accordance with 551.81. The weather-resistant requirement for 50-ampere, 125/250-volt receptacles shall become effective January 1, 2026.
Informational Note: The percentage of 50 ampere sites required by 551.71 could be inadequate for seasonal recreational vehicle sites serving a higher percentage of recreational vehicles with 50-ampere electrical systems. In that type of recreational vehicle park, the percentage of 50-ampere sites could approach 100 percent.
(D) Tent Sites. Dedicated tent sites with a 15- or 20-ampere electrical supply shall be permitted to be excluded when deter- mining the percentage of recreational vehicle sites with 30- or 50-ampere receptacles.
(E) Additional Receptacles. Additional receptacles shall be permitted for the connection of electrical equipment outside the recreational vehicle within the recreational vehicle park.
(F) GFCI Protection.
(1) Receptacles Installed in Other Than Recreational Vehicle Site Equipment. Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection shall be provided as required in 210.8(B).
(2) Receptacles Installed in Recreational Vehicle Site Equip- ment. Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection shall only be required for 125-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere recepta- cles.
Informational Note No. 1: Appliances used within the recrea- tional vehicle can create leakage current levels at the supply receptacle(s) that could exceed the limits of a Class A GFCI device.
Informational Note No. 2: The definition of Feeder Assembly clari- fies that the power supply cord to a recreational vehicle is considered a feeder.
551.72 Distribution System.
(A) Systems. Distribution systems shall provide the voltage and have a capacity for the receptacles provided in the recreational vehicle (RV) site supply equipment as calculated according to 551.73 and shall have an ampacity not less than 30 amperes. Systems permitted include single-phase 120 volts, single-phase 120/240 volts, or single-phase 120/208 volts - two ungroun- ded and one neutral conductor taken from a 208Y/120-volt system.
(B) Three-Phase Systems. Feeders from 208Y/120-volt, 3- phase systems shall be permitted to include two ungrounded conductors and shall include one grounded conductor and one equipment grounding conductor. So far as practicable, the loads shall be equally distributed on the 3-phase system.
(C) Receptacles. Receptacles rated at 50 amperes shall be supplied from a circuit of the voltage class and rating of the receptacle. Other recreational vehicle sites with 125-volt, 20- and 30-ampere receptacles shall be permitted to be derived from any grounded distribution system that supplies 120-volt, single-phase power.
(D) Neutral Conductors. Neutral conductors shall be permit- ted to be reduced in size below the minimum required size of the ungrounded conductors for 240-volt, linc-to-line, perma- nently connected loads only. The neutral conductors shall not be reduced in size below the size of the ungrounded conduc- tors for the site distribution.
Informational Note: Due to the long circuit lengths typical in most recreational vehicle parks, feeder conductor sizes found in the ampacity tables of Article 310could be inadequate to main- tain the voltage regulation suggested in 215.2(A), Infonnational Note No. 2. Total circuit voltage drop is a sum of the voltage drops of each serial circuit segment, where the load for each segment is calculated using the load that segment sees and the demand factors shown in Table 551.73(A).
(E) Connected Devices. The use of listed surge protective devices shall be permitted.
Informational Note: Use of multiple autotransformers on the load side of RV pedestals, supplied by a single feeder, can result in increased current on the RV park or campground distribu- tion system.
(F) Connection to Recreational Vehicle Site Equipment. Each recreational vehicle shall be powered by only one 30-ampere or one 50-ampere external power supply cord.
70-516
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 551 - RECREATIONAL VEHICLES AND RECREATIONAL VEHICLE PARKS
551.77
Informational Note: The requirement in 551.72(F) does not preclude the use of the 15- or 20-ampere receptacle conven- ience outlet on the recreational vehicle supply equipment.
551.73 Calculated Load.
(A) Basis of Calculations. Electrical services and feeders shall be calculated on the basis of not less than all of the following:
(1) 12,000 volt-amperes per site equipped with 50-ampere, 208Y/120-volt or 120/240-volt supply facilities
(2) 3600 volt-amperes per site equipped with both 20-ampere and 30-ampere supply facilities
(3) 2400 volt-amperes per site equipped with only 20-ampere supply facilities
(4) 600 volt-amperes per site equipped with only 20-ampere supply facilities that are dedicated to tent sites
The demand factors set forth in Table 551.73(A) shall be the minimum allowable demand factors that shall be permitted in calculating load for service and feeders. Where the electrical supply for a recreational vehicle site has more than one recep- taclc.
Where the electrical supply is in a location that serves two recreational vehicles, the equipment for both sites shall comply with 551.77, and the calculated load shall only be calculated for the two receptacles with the highest rating.
(B) Demand Factors. The demand factor for a given number of sites shall apply to all sites indicated. For example, 20 sites calculated at 45 percent of 3600 volt-amperes results in a permissible demand of 1620 volt-amperes per site or a total of 32,400 volt-amperes for 20 sites.
Informational Note: These demand factors may be inadequate in areas of extreme hot or cold temperature with loaded circuits for heating or air conditioning.
Loads for other amenities such as, but not limited to, service buildings, recreational buildings, and swimming pools shall be calculated separately and then be added to the value calculated for the recreational vehicle sites where they are all supplied by a common service.
551.74 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection shall be provided in accordance with Article 240.
Table 551.73(A) Demand Factors for Site Feeders and Service- Entrance Conductors for Park Sites
Number of Recreational Vehicle Sites
Demand Factor (%)
1
100
2
90
3
80
4
75
5
65
6
60
7-9
55
10-12
50
13-15
48
16-18
47
19-21
45
22-24
43
25-35
42
36 plus
41
551.76 Grounding - Recreational Vehicle Site Supply Equip- ment.
(A) Grounding Electrode. Recreational vehicle site supply equipment, other than those used as service equipment, shall not be required to have a grounding electrode. An auxiliary grounding electrode(s) in accordance with 250.54 shall be permitted to be installed.
(B) Exposed Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts. Exposed non-current-carrying metal parts of fixed equipment, metal boxes, cabinets, and fittings that are not electrically connected to grounded equipment shall be grounded by an equipment grounding conductor run with the circuit conductors from the service equipment or from the transformer of a secondary distribution system. Equipment grounding conductors shall be sized in accordance with 250.122 and shall be permitted to be spliced by listed means.
The arrangement of equipment grounding connections shall be such that the disconnection or removal of a receptacle or other device will not interfere with, or interrupt, the grounding continuity.
(C) Secondary Distribution System. Each secondary distribu- tion system shall be grounded at the transformer.
(D) Grounded Conductor Not to Be Used as an Equipment Ground. The grounded conductor shall not be used as an equipment grounding conductor for recreational vehicles or equipment within the recreational vehicle park.
(E) No Connection on the Load Side. No connection to a grounding electrode shall be made to the grounded conductor on the load side of the service disconnecting means except as covered in 250.30(A) for separately derived systems, and 250.32(B), Exception No. 1 for separate buildings.
551.77 Recreational Vehicle Site Supply Equipment. Recrea- tional vehicle site supply equipment shall be listed for use as recreational vehicle site supply equipment and shall comply with 551.77(A) through (F).
(A) Location. Where provided on back-in sites, the recrca- tional vehicle site electrical supply equipment shall be located on the left (road) side of the parked vehicle, on a line that is 1.5 m to 2.1 m (5 ft to 7 ft) from the left edge (driver's side of the parked RV) of the recreational vehicle stand and shall be located at any point on this line from the rear of the recrea- tional vehicle stand to 4.5 m (15 ft) forward of the rear of the recreational vehicle stand.
For pull-through sites, the electrical supply equipment shall be permitted to be located at any point along the line that is 1.5 m to 2.1 m (5 ft to 7 ft) from the left edge (driver's side of the parked RV) from 4.9 m (16 ft) forward of the rear of the recreational vehicle stand to the center point between the two roads that gives access to and egress from the pull-through sites.
The left edge (driver's side of the parked RV) of the recrca- tional vehicle stand shall be marked.
(B) Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting switch or circuit breaker shall be provided in the site supply equipment for disconnecting the power supply to the recreational vehicle.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-517
551.77
ARTICLE 552 -PARK TRAILERS
(C) Access. All site supply equipment shall be accessible by an unobstructed entrance or passageway not less than 600 mm (2 ft) wide and 2.0 m (6 ft 6 in.) high.
(D) Mounting Height. Site supply equipment shall be located not less than 600 mm (2 ft) above the electrical datum planc for that RV site and no more than 2.0 m (6 ft 6 in.) above the electrical datum plane unless platform provisions are made to reach the circuit protection devices that are no more than 2.0 m (6 ft 6 in.) above that platform.
(E) Working Space. Sufficient space shall be provided and maintained about all electrical equipment to permit ready and safe operation, in accordance with 110.26.
(F) Marking. Where the site supply equipment contains a 125/250-volt receptacle, the equipment shall be marked as follows: "Turn disconnecting switch or circuit breaker off before inserting or removing plug. Plug must be fully inserted or removed." The marking shall be located on the equipment adjacent to the receptacle outlet.
551.78 Protection of Outdoor Equipment.
(A) Wet Locations. All switches, circuit breakers, receptacles, control equipment, and metering devices located in wet loca- tions shall be weatherproof.
(B) Meters. If secondary meters are installed, meter sockets without meters installed shall be blanked off with an approved blanking platc.
551.79 Clearance for Overhead Conductors. Open conduc- tors of not over 1000 volts, nominal, shall have a vertical clear- ance of not less than 5.5 m (18 ft) and a horizontal clearance of not less than 900 mm (3 ft) in all arcas subject to recrca- tional vehicle movement. In all other arcas, clearances shall conform to 235.360 and 235.361.
Informational Note: See 235.360 and 235.361, for clearances of conductors over 600 volts, nominal.
551.80 Underground Service, Feeder, Branch-Circuit, and Recreational Vehicle Site Feeder-Circuit Conductors.
(A) General. All direct-burial conductors, including the cquip- ment grounding conductor if of aluminum, shall be insulated and identified for the use. All conductors shall be continuous from equipment to equipment. All splices and taps shall be made in approved junction boxes or by use of listed material.
(B) Protection Against Physical Damage. Direct-buried conductors and cables entering or leaving a trench shall be protected by rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing with supplementary corrosion protec- tion, rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC), nonmetallic underground conduit with conductors (NUCC), high density polyethylene conduit (HDPE), reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC), liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit, liquidtight flexible metal conduit, or other approved raceways or enclosures. Where subject to physical damage, the conduc- tors or cables shall be protected by rigid metal conduit, inter- mediate metal conduit, Schedule 80 PVC conduit, or RTRC listed for exposure to physical damage. All such protection shall extend at least 450 mm (18 in.) into the trench from finished gradc.
Informational Note: See 300.5 and Article 340 for conductors or Type UF cable used underground or in direct burial in earth.
551.81 Receptacles. A receptacle to supply electric power to a recreational vehicle shall be one of the configurations shown in Figure 551.46(C) (1) in the following ratings:
(1) 50-ampere - 125/250-volt, 50-ampere, 3-pole, 4-wirc grounding type for 120/240-volt systems
(2) 30-ampere - 125-volt, 30-ampere, 2-pole, 3-wire ground- ing type for 120-volt systems
(3) 20-ampere - 125-volt, 20-ampere, 2-pole, 3-wire ground- ing type for 120-volt systems
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Sperifications, Figures 14-50, TT, and 5-20, for complete details of these configurations.
ARTICLE 552 Park Trailers
Part I. General
552.1 Scope. The provisions of this article cover the electrical conductors and equipment installed within or on park trailers not covered fully under Articles 550 and 551.
552.4 General Requirements. A park trailer is intended for scasonal usc. It is not intended as a permanent dwelling unit or for commercial uses such as banks, clinics, offices, or similar. Units designed for such purposes are classified as relocatable structures and are covered in Part II of Article 545.
552.5 Labels. Labels required by Article 552 shall be made of ctched, metal-stamped, or embossed brass or stainless steel; plastic laminates not less than 0.13 mm (0.005 in.) thick; or anodized or alclad aluminum not less than 0.5 mm (0.020 in.) thick or the equivalent.
Informational Note: See ANSI Z535.4-2011, Product Safety Signs and Labels, for guidance on other label criteria used in the park trailer industry.
Part II. Low-Voltage Systems
552.10 Low-Voltage Systems.
(A) Low-Voltage Circuits. Low-voltage circuits furnished and installed by the park trailer manufacturer, other than those related to braking, shall be subject to this Code. Circuits supply- ing lights subject to federal or state regulations shall comply with applicable government regulations and this Code.
(B) Low-Voltage Wiring.
(1) Material. Copper conductors shall be used for low-voltage circuits.
Exception: A metal chassis or frame shall be permitted as the return path to the source of supply.
(2) Conductor Types. Conductors shall conform to the requirements for Type GXL, HDT, SGT, SGR, or Type SXL or shall have insulation in accordance with Table 310.4(1) or the cquivalent. Conductor sizes 6 AWG through 18 AWG or SAE shall be listed. Single-wire, low-voltage conductors shall be of the stranded typc.
70-518
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
552.20
ARTICLE 552 - PARK TRAILERS
Informational Note: See SAE J1128-2015, Low Voltage Primary Cable, for Types GXL, HDT, and SXL, and SAE J1127-2015, Low Voltage Battery Cable, for Types SGT and SGR.
(3) Marking. All insulated low-voltage conductors shall be surface marked at intervals not greater than 1.2 m (4 ft) as follows:
(1) Listed conductors shall be marked as required by the list- ing agency.
(2) SAE conductors shall be marked with the name or logo of the manufacturer, specification designation, and wirc gaugc.
(3) Other conductors shall be marked with the name or logo of the manufacturer, temperature rating, wire gauge, conductor material, and insulation thickness.
(C) Low-Voltage Wiring Methods.
(1) Physical Protection. Conductors shall be protected against physical damage and shall be secured. Where insulated conductors are clamped to the structure, the conductor insula- tion shall be supplemented by an additional wrap or layer of equivalent material, except that jacketed cables shall not be required to be so protected. Wiring shall be routed away from sharp edges, moving parts, or heat sources.
(2) Splices. Conductors shall be spliced or joined with splicing devices that provide a secure connection or by brazing, weld- ing, or soldering with a fusible metal or alloy. Soldered splices shall first be spliced or joined to be mechanically and electri- cally secure without solder, and then soldered. All splices, joints, and free ends of conductors shall be covered with an insulation equivalent to that on the conductors.
(3) Separation. Battery and other low-voltage circuits shall be physically separated by at least a 13-mm (Vg-in.) gap or other approved means from circuits of a different power source. Acceptable methods shall be by clamping, routing, or equiva- lent means that ensure permanent total separation. Where circuits of different power sources cross, the external jacket of the nonmetallic-shcathed cables shall be deemed adequate separation.
(4) Ground Connections. Ground connections to the chassis or frame shall be made in an accessible location and shall be mechanically secure. Ground connections shall be by means of copper conductors and copper or copper-alloy terminals of the solderless type identified for the size of wire used. The surface on which ground terminals make contact shall be cleaned and be free from oxide or paint or shall be electrically connected through the use of a cadmium, tin, or zinc-plated internal/ external-toothed lockwasher or locking terminals. Ground terminal attaching screws, rivets or bolts, nuts, and lockwashers shall be cadmium, tin, or zinc-plated except rivets shall be permitted to be unanodized aluminum where attaching to aluminum structures.
The chassis-grounding terminal of the battery shall be connected to the unit chassis with a minimum 8 AWG copper conductor. In the event the unbonded lead from the battery exceeds 8 AWG, the bonding conductor size shall be not less than that of the unbonded Icad.
(D) Battery Installations. Storage batteries subject to this Code shall be securely attached to the unit and installed in an arca vaportight to the interior and ventilated directly to the exterior of the unit. Where batteries are installed in a compartment, the compartment shall be ventilated with openings having a mini-
mum arca of 1100 mm2 (1.7 in.2) at both the top and at the bottom. Where compartment doors are equipped for ventila- tion, the openings shall be within 50 mm (2 in.) of the top and bottom. Batteries shall not be installed in a compartment containing spark- or flame-producing equipment.
(E) Overcurrent Protection.
(1) Rating. Low-voltage circuit wiring shall be protected by overcurrent protective devices rated not in excess of the ampac- ity of copper conductors, in accordance with Table 552.10(E) (1).
(2) Type. Circuit breakers or fuses shall be of an approved type, including automotive types. Fuscholders shall be clearly marked with maximum fuse size and shall be protected against shorting and physical damage by a cover or equivalent means.
Informational Note: See ANSI/SAE J554-1987, Standard for Eler- trir Fuses (Cartridge Type), SAE J1284-1988, Standard for Blade Type Electric Fuses, and UL. 275-2005, Standard for Automotive Glass Tube Fuses, for further information.
(3) Appliances. Appliances such as pumps, compressors, heater blowers, and similar motor-driven appliances shall be installed in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
Motors that are controlled by automatic switching or by latching-type manual switches shall be protected in accordance with 430.32(B).
(4) 'Location. The overcurrent protective device shall be instal- led in an accessible location on the unit within 450 mm (18 in.) of the point where the power supply connects to the unit circuits. If located outside the park trailer, the device shall be protected against weather and physical damage.
Exception: External low-voltage supply shall be permitted to have the overcurrent protective device within 450 mm (18 in.) after entering the unit or after leaving a metal raceway.
(F) Switches. Switches shall have a dc rating not less than the connected load.
(G) Luminaires. All low-voltage interior luminaires rated more than 4 watts, employing lamps rated more than 1.2 watts, shall be listed.
Part III. Combination Electrical Systems
552.20 Combination Electrical Systems.
(A) General. Unit wiring suitable for connection to a battery or other low-voltage supply source shall be permitted to be connected to a 120-volt source, provided that the entire wiring system and equipment are rated and installed in full conform-
Table 552.10(E)(1) Low-Voltage Overcurrent Protection
Wire Size (AWG)
Ampacity
Wire Type
18
6
Stranded only
16
8
Stranded only
14
15
Stranded or solid
12
20
Stranded or solid
10
30
Stranded or solid
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-519
552.20
ARTICLE 552 - PARK TRAILERS
ity with Parts I, III, IV, and V requirements of this article cover- ing 120-volt electrical systems. Circuits fed from ac transformers shall not supply dc appliances.
(B) Voltage Converters (120-Volt Alternating Current to Low- Voltage Direct Current). The 120-volt ac side of the voltage converter shall be wired in full conformity with the require- ments of Parts I and IV of this article for 120-volt electrical systems.
Exception: Converters supplied as an integral part of a listed appliance shall not be subject to 552.20(B).
All converters and transformers shall be listed for use in recreation units and designed or equipped to provide over- temperature protection. To determine the converter rating, the following percentages shall be applied to the total connected load, including average battery-charging rate, of all 12-volt equipment:
The first 20 amperes of load at 100 percent plus The second 20 amperes of load at 50 percent plus
All load above 40 amperes at 25 percent
Exception: A low-voltage appliance that is controlled by a momentary switch (normally open) that has no means for holding in the closed position shall not be considered as a connected load when determining the required converter rating. Momentarily energized appliances shall be limited to those used to prepare the unit for occupancy or travel.
(C) Bonding Voltage Converter Enclosures. The non-current- carrying metal enclosure of the voltage converter shall be connected to the frame of the unit with an 8 AWG copper conductor minimum. The equipment grounding conductor for the battery and the metal enclosure shall be permitted to be the same conductor.
(D) Dual-Voltage Fixtures Including Luminaires or Appliances. Fixtures, including luminaires, or appliances having both 120- volt and low-voltage connections shall be listed for dual voltage.
(E) Autotransformers. Autotransformers shall not be used.
(F) Receptacles and Plug Caps. Where a park trailer is cquipped with a 120-volt or 120/240-volt ac system, a low- voltage system, or both, receptacles and plug caps of the low- voltage system shall differ in configuration from those of the 120-volt or 120/240-volt system. Where a unit equipped with a battery or de system has an external connection for low-voltage power, the connector shall have a configuration that will not accept 120-volt power.
Part IV. Nominal 120-Volt or 120/240-Volt Systems 552.40 120-Volt or 120/240-Volt, Nominal, Systems.
(A) General Requirements. The electrical equipment and material of park trailers indicated for connection to a wiring system rated 120 volts, nominal, 2-wire with an equipment grounding conductor, or a wiring system rated 120/240 volts, nominal, 3-wire with an equipment grounding conductor, shall be listed and installed in accordance with Parts I, III, IV, and V of this article.
(B) Materials and Equipment. Electrical materials, devices, appliances, fittings, and other equipment installed, intended for use in, or attached to the park trailer shall be listed. All
products shall be used only in the manner in which they have been tested and found suitable for the intended usc.
552.41 Receptacle Outlets Required.
(A) Spacing. Receptacle outlets shall be installed at wall spaces 600 mm (2 ft) wide or more so that no point along the floor line is more than 1.8 m (6 ft), measured horizontally, from an outlet in that space.
Exception No. 1: Bath and hallway areas shall not be required to comply with 552.41(A).
Exception No. 2: Wall spaces occupied by kitchen cabinets, wardrobe cabinets, built-in furniture; behind doors that could open fully against a wall surface; or similar facilities.
(B) Location. Receptacle outlets shall be installed as follows:
(1) Adjacent to countertops in the kitchen [at least one on cach side of the sink if countertops are on cach side and arc 300 mm (12 in.) or over in width and depth]
(2) Adjacent to the refrigerator and gas range space, except where a gas-fired refrigerator or cooking appliance, requiring no external electrical connection, is factory- installed
(3) Adjacent to, countertop spaces of 300 mm (12 in.) or more in width and depth that cannot be reached from a receptacle required in 552.41(B) (1) by a cord of 1.8 m (6 ft), without crossing a traffic arca, cooking appliance, or-sink.
(C) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection. Each 125- volt, single-phase, 15- or 20-ampere receptacle shall have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel in the following locations:
(1) Where the receptacles are installed to serve kitchen coun- tertop surfaces
(2) Within 1.8 m (6 ft) of any lavatory or sink
Exception: Receptacles installed for appliances in dedicated spaces, such as for dishwashers, disposals, refrigerators, freezers, and laundry equip- ment.
(3) In the arca occupied by a toilet, shower, tub, or any combination thereof
(4) On the exterior of the unit
Exception: Receptacles that are located inside of an access panel that is installed on the exterior of the unit to supply power for an installed appliance shall not be required to have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection.
The receptacle outlet shall be permitted in a listed lumin- airc. A receptacle outlet shall not be installed in a tub or combination tub-shower compartment.
(D) Pipe Heating Cable Outlet. Where a pipe heating cable outlet is installed, the outlet shall be as follows:
(1) Located within 600 mm (2 ft) of the cold water inlet
(2) Connected to an interior branch circuit, other than a small-appliance branch circuit
(3) On a circuit where all of the outlets are on the load side of the ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel
(4) Mounted on the underside of the park trailer and shall not be considered to be the outdoor receptacle outlet required in 552.41 (E)
70-520
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL. CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
552.44
ARTICLE 552 - PARK TRAILERS
(E) Outdoor Receptacle Outlets. At least one receptacle outlet shall be installed outdoors. A receptacle outlet located in a compartment accessible from the outside of the park trailer shall be considered an outdoor receptacle. Outdoor receptacle outlets shall be protected as required in 552.41 (C) (4).
(F) Receptacle Outlets Not Permitted.
(1) Shower or Bathtub Space. Receptacle outlets shall not be installed in or within reach [750 mm (30 in.)] of a shower or bathtub spacc.
(2) Face-Up Position. A receptacle shall not be installed in a face-up position in any countertop or other similar horizontal surfacc.
552.42 Branch-Circuit Protection.
(A) Rating. The branch-circuit overcurrent devices shall be rated as follows:
(1) Not more than the circuit conductors
(2) Not more than 150 percent of the rating of a single appli- ance rated 13.3 amperes or more and supplied by an indi- vidual branch circuit
(3) Not more than the overcurrent protection size marked on an air conditioner or other motor-operated applian- ccs.
(B) Protection for Smaller Conductors. A 20-ampere fuse or circuit breaker shall be permitted for protection for fixtures, including luminaires, leads, cords, or small appliances, and 14 AWG tap conductors, not over 1.8 m (6 ft) long for recessed luminaires.
(C) Fifteen-Ampere Receptacle Considered Protected by 20 Amperes. If more than one receptacle or load is on a branch circuit, 15-ampere receptacles shall be permitted to be protected by a 20-ampere fuse or circuit breaker.
552.43 Power Supply.
(A) Feeder. The power supply to the park trailer shall be a feeder assembly consisting of not more than one listed 30- ampere or 50-ampere park trailer powersupply cord, with an integrally molded or securely attached cap, or a permanently installed feeder.
(B) Power-Supply Cord. If the park trailer has a power-supply cord, it shall be permanently attached to the panelboard, or to a junction box permanently connected to the panelboard, with the free end terminating in a molded-on attachment plug cap.
Cords with adapters and pigtail ends, extension cords, and similar items shall not be attached to, or shipped with, a park trailer.
A suitable clamp or the equivalent shall be provided at the panelboard knockout to afford strain relief for the cord to prevent strain from being transmitted to the terminals when the power-supply cord is handled in its intended manner.
The cord shall be a listed type with 3-wire, 120-volt or 4-wirc, 120/240-volt conductors, one of which shall be identified by a continuous green color or a continuous green color with one or more yellow stripes for use as the equipment grounding conductor.
(C) Mast Weatherhead or Raceway. Where the calculated load exceeds 50 amperes or where a permanent feeder is used, the supply shall be by means of one of the following:
(1) Onc mast weatherhead installation, installed in accord- ance with Article 230, containing four continuous, insula- ted, color-coded feeder conductors, one of which shall be an equipment grounding conductor
(2) A rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, or other raceways identified for the location from the disconnecting means in the park trailer to the underside of the park trailer
552.44 Cord.
(A) Permanently Connected. Each fecder assembly shall be factory supplied or factory installed and connected directly to the terminals of the panelboard or conductors within a junc- tion box and provided with means to prevent strain from being transmitted to the terminals. The ampacity of the conductors between cach junction box and the terminals of cach panel- board shall be at least equal to the ampacity of the feeder cord. The supply end of the assembly shall be equipped with an attachment plug of the type described in 552.44(C). Where the cord passes through the walls or floors, it shall be protected by means of conduit and bushings or equivalent. The cord assem- bly shall have permanent provisions for protection against corrosion and mechanical damage while the unit is in transit.
(B) Cord Length. The cord-exposed usable length shall be measured from the point of entrance to the park trailer or the face of the flanged surface inlet (motor-base attachment plug) to the face of the attachment plug at the supply end.
The cord-exposed usable length, measured to the point of entry on the unit exterior, shall be a minimum of 7.0 m (23 ft) where the point of entrance is at the side of the unit, or shall be a minimum 8.5 m (28 ft) where the point of entrance is at the rear of the unit. The maximum length shall not exceed 11 m (361/5 ft).
Where the cord entrance into the unit is more than 900 mm (3 ft) above the ground, the minimum cord lengths above shall be increased by the vertical distance of the cord entrance heights above 900 mm (3 ft).
(C) Attachment Plugs.
(1) Units with Two to Five 15- or 20-Ampere Branch Circuits. Park trailers wired in accordance with 552.46(A) shall have an attachment plug that shall be 2-pole, 3-wire grounding type, rated 30 amperes, 125 volts, conforming to the configuration shown in Figure 552.44(C) (1) intended for use with units rated at 30 amperes, 125 volts.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure TT, for complete details of this configuration.
(2) Units with 50-Ampere Feeder Assembly. Park trailers having a feeder assembly rated 50 amperes as permitted by 552.43(B) shall have a 3-pole, 4-wire grounding-type attach- ment plug rated 50 amperes, 125/250 volts, conforming to the configuration shown in Figure 552.44(C) (1).
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure 14-50, for complete details of this configuration.
(D) Labeling at Electrical Entrance. Each park trailer shall have a safety label with the signal word WARNING in minimum 6 mm (1/4 in.) high letters and body text in minimum 3 mm ('s in.) high letters on a contrasting background. The safety label shall be affixed to the exterior skin, at or near the point
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-521
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
552.44
ARTICLE 552 - PARK TRAILERS
Receptacles
Caps
OG
G
0
0 W
W
30-A, 125-V, 2-pole, 3-wire, grounding type
OG
YO
0x
×
Y
Iw
50-A,125/250-V, 3-pole, 4-wire, grounding type
FIGURE 552.44(C)(1) Attachment Cap and Receptacle Configurations.
of entrance of the feeder assembly and shall read, as appropri- atc:
WARNING: THIS CONNECTION IS FOR 110-125-VOLT AC, 60 HZ, 30-AMPERE SUPPLY
or
WARNING: THIS CONNECTION IS FOR 208Y/120-VOLT OR 120/240- VOLT AC, 3-POLE, 4-WIRE, 60 HZ, -AMPERE SUPPLY.
followed by
DO NOT EXCEED THE CIRCUIT RATING. EXCEEDING THE CIRCUIT RATING CAN CAUSE A FIRE AND RESULT IN DEATH OR SERIOUS INJURY.
The correct ampere rating shall be marked in the blank space and the label shall meet the requirements in 110.21 (B).
(E) Location. The point of entrance of a feeder assembly shall be located on either side or the rear, within 450 mm (18 in.), of an outside wall.
552.45 Panelboard.
(A) Listed and Appropriately Rated. A listed and appropriately rated panelboard shall be used. The grounded conductor termination bar shall be insulated from the enclosure as provi- ded in 552.55(C). An cquipment grounding terminal bar shall be attached inside the metal enclosure of the panelboard.
(B) Location. The panelboard shall be installed in a readily accessible location. Working clearance for the panelboard shall be not less than 600 mm (24 in.) wide and 750 mm (30 in.) decp.
Exception: Where the panelboard cover is exposed to the inside aisle space, one of the working clearance dimensions shall be permitted to be reduced to a minimum of 550 mm (22 in.). A panelboard shall be considered exposed where the panelboard cover is within 50 mm (2 in.) of the aisle's finished surface or not more than 25 mm (1 in.) from the backside of doors that enclose the space.
(C) Dead-Front Type. The panelboard shall be of the dead- front typc. A main disconnecting means shall be provided where fuses are used or where more than two circuit breakers arc employed. A main overcurrent protective device not exceeding the feeder assembly rating shall be provided where more than two branch circuits are employed.
552.46 Branch Circuits. Branch circuits shall be determined in accordance with 552.46(A) and (B).
(A) Two to Five 15- or 20-Ampere Circuits. A maximum of five 15- or 20-ampere circuits to supply lights, receptacle outlets, and fixed appliances shall be permitted. Such park trailers shall be permitted to be equipped with panelboards rated at 120 volts maximum or 120/240 volts maximum and listed for a 30-ampere-rated feeder assembly. Not more than two 120-volt thermostatically controlled appliances shall be installed in such systems unless appliance isolation switching, energy manage- ment systems, or similar methods are used.
Exception No. 1: Additional 15- or 20-ampere circuits shall be permit- ted where a listed energy management system rated at 30 amperes maxi- mum is employed within the system.
Exception No. 2: Six 15- or 20-ampere circuits shall be permitted with- out employing an energy management system, provided that the added sixth circuit serves only the power converter, and the combined load of all six circuits does not exceed the allowable load that was designed for use by the original five circuits.
Informational Note: See 210.23(B) for permissible loads. See 552.45(C) for main disconnect and overcurrent protection requirements.
(B) More Than Five Circuits. Where more than five circuits arc needed, they shall be determined in accordance with 552.46(B)(1), (B)(2), and (B)(3).
(1) Lighting. Based on 33 volt-amperes/m2 (3 VA/ft2) multi- plied by the outside dimensions of the park trailer (coupler excluded) divided by 120 volts to determine the number of 15- or 20-ampere lighting arca circuits, for example,
[552.46(B)(1)]
3 x length x width 120 x 15 (or 20) = No. of 15- (or 20-) ampere circuits
The lighting circuits shall be permitted to serve listed cord- connected kitchen waste disposers and to provide power for supplemental equipment and lighting on gas-fired ranges, ovens, or counter-mounted cooking units.
(2) Small Appliances. Small-appliance branch circuits shall be installed in accordance with 210.11 (C) (I).
(3) General Appliances. (including furnace, water heater, space heater, range, and central or room air conditioner, etc.) An individual branch circuit shall be permitted to supply any load for which it is rated. There shall be one or more circuits of adequate rating in accordance with 552.46(B) (3) (a) through (B)(3)(d).
Informational Note No. 1: See 210.11(C) (2) for laundry branch circuit.
Informational Note No. 2: See Article 440 for central air condi- tioning.
(a) The total rating of fixed appliances shall not exceed 50 percent of the circuit rating if lighting outlets, general-use receptacles, or both are also supplied.
(b) For fixed appliances with a motor(s) larger than 1/x horsepower, the total calculated load shall be based on 125 percent of the largest motor plus the sum of the other
70-522
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
552.48
ARTICLE 552 - PARK TRAILERS
loads. Where a branch circuit supplies continuous load(s) or any combination of continuous and noncontinuous loads, the branch-circuit conductor size shall be in accordance with 210.19(A).
(c) The rating of a single cord-and-plug-connected appli- ance supplied by other than an individual branch circuit shall not exceed 80 percent of the circuit rating.
(d) The rating of a range branch circuit shall be based on the range demand as specified for ranges in 552.47(B) (5).
552.47 Calculations. The following method shall be employed in computing the supply-cord and distribution-panelboard load for cach feeder assembly for cach park trailer in licu of the procedure shown in Article 220 and shall be based on a 3-wirc, 208Y/120-volt or 120/240-volt supply with 120-volt loads balanced between the two phases of the 3-wire system.
(A) Lighting and Small-Appliance Load. Lighting Volt- Amperes: Length times width of park trailer floor (outside dimensions) times 33 volt-amperes/m2 (3 VA/ft2). For cxam- plc,
Length x width x 3 = lighting volt-amperes
Small-Appliance Volt-Amperes: Number of circuits times 1500 volt-amperes for cach 20-ampere appliance receptacle circuit (scc definition of Appliance, Portable with fine print note) including 1500 volt-amperes for laundry circuit. For example,
No. of circuits x 1500 = small-appliance volt-amperes
Total: Lighting volt-amperes plus small-appliance volt- amperes = total volt-amperes
First 3000 total volt-amperes at 100 percent plus remainder at 35 percent = volt-amperes to be divided by 240 volts to obtain current (amperes) per leg.
(B) Total Load for Determining Power Supply. Total load for determining power supply is the sum of the following:
(1) Lighting and small-appliance load as calculated in 552.47(A).
(2) Nameplate amperes for motors and heater loads (cxhaust fans, air conditioners, electric, gas, or oil heating). Omit smaller of the heating and cooling loads, except include blower motor if used as air-conditioner evaporator motor. Where an air conditioner is not installed and a 50-ampere power-supply cord is provided, allow 15 amperes per phase for air conditioning.
(3) Twenty-five percent of current of largest motor in 552.47(B) (2).
(4) Total of nameplate amperes for disposal, dishwasher, water heater, clothes dryer, wall-mounted oven, cooking units. Where the number of these appliances exceeds three, use 75 percent of total.
(5) Derive amperes for freestanding range (as distinguished from separate ovens and cooking units) by dividing the following values by 240 volts as shown in Table 552.47(B).
(6) If outlets or circuits are provided for other than factory- installed appliances, include the anticipated load.
Informational Note: See Informative Annex D, Example D12, for an illustration of the application of this calculation.
(C) Optional Method of Calculation for Lighting and Appli- ance Load. For park trailers, the optional method for calculat- ing lighting and appliance load shown in 220.82 shall be permitted.
Table 552.47(B) Minimum Loads for Freestanding Electric Ranges
Nameplate Rating (watts)
Use (volt-amperes)
0-10,000
80 percent of rating
Over 10,000-12,500
8,000
Over 12,500-13,500
8,400
Over 13,500-14,500
8,800
Over 14,500-15,500
9,200
Over 15,500-16,500
9,600
Over 16,500-17,500
10,000
552.48 Wiring Methods.
(A) Wiring Systems. Cables and raceways installed in accord- ance with Articles 320, 322, 330 through 340, 342 through 362, 386, and 388 shall be permitted in accordance with their appli- cable article, except as otherwise specified in this article. An equipment grounding means shall be provided in accordance with 250.118.
(B) Conduit and Tubing. Where rigid metal conduit or inter- mediate metal conduit is terminated at an enclosure with a locknut and bushing connection, two locknuts shall be provi- ded, one inside and one outside of the enclosure. All cut ends of conduit and tubing shall be reamed or otherwise finished to remove rough edges.
(C) Nonmetallic Boxes. Nonmetallic boxes shall be acceptable only with nonmetallic-shcathed cable or nonmetallic raceways.
(D) Boxes. In walls and ceilings constructed of wood or other combustible material, boxes and fittings shall be flush with the finished surface or project therefrom.
(E) Mounting. Wall and ceiling boxes shall be mounted in accordance with 314.23.
Exception No. 1: Snap-in-type boxes or boxes provided with special wall or ceiling brackets that securely fasten boxes in walls or ceilings shall be permitted.
Exception No. 2: A wooden plate providing a 38-mm (11/2in.) mini- mum width backing around the box and of a thickness of 13 mm ('/2 in.) or greater (actual) attached directly to the wall panel shall be considered as approved means for mounting outlet boxes.
(F) Cable Sheath. The sheath of nonmetallic-shcathed cable, and the armor of metal-clad cable and Type AC cable, shall be continuous between outlet boxes and other enclosures.
(G) Protected. Metal-clad, Type AC, or nonmetallic-shcathed cables and electrical nonmetallic tubing shall be permitted to pass through the centers of the wide side of 2 by 4 wood studs. However, they shall be protected where they pass through 2 by 2 wood studs or at other wood studs or frames where the cable or tubing would be less than 32 mm (11/4 in.) from the inside or outside surface. Steel plates on cach side of the cable or tubing, or a steel tube, with not less than 1.35 mm (0.053 in.) wall thickness, shall be installed to protect the cable or tubing. These plates or tubes shall be securely held in place. Where nonmetallic-shcathed cables pass through punched, cut, or drilled slots or holes in metal members, the cable shall be protected by bushings or grommets securely fastened in the opening prior to installation of the cable.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-523
552.48
ARTICLE 552 - PARK TRAILERS
(H) Cable Supports. Where connected with cable connectors or clamps, cables shall be secured and supported within 300 mm (12 in.) of outlet boxes, panelboards, and splice boxes on appliances. Supports and securing shall be provided at intervals not exceeding 1.4 m (41/2 ft) at other places.
(I) Nonmetallic Box Without Cable Clamps. Nonmetallic- shcathed cables shall be secured and supported within 200 mm (8 in.) of a nonmetallic outlet box without cable clamps. Where wiring devices with integral enclosures are employed with a loop of extra cable to permit future replacement of the device, the cable loop shall be considered as an integral portion of the device.
(J) Physical Damage. Where subject to physical damage, exposed nonmetallic cable shall be protected by covering boards, guard strips, raccways, or other means.
(K) Receptacle Faceplates. Metal faceplates shall comply with 406.6(A). Nonmetallic faceplates shall comply with 406.6(C).
(L) Metal Faceplates Grounded. Where metal faceplates arc used, they shall be grounded.
(M) Moisture or Physical Damage. Where outdoor or under- chassis wiring is 120 volts, nominal, or over and is exposed to moisture or physical damage, the wiring shall be protected by rigid metal conduit, by intermediate metal conduit, by electri- cal metallic tubing, by rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, by other raceways identified for the location, or by Type .VI cable that is closely routed against frames and equipment enclosures or other raceway or cable identified for the application.
(N) Component Interconnections. Fittings and connectors that are intended to be concealed at the time of assembly shall be listed and identified for the interconnection of building components. Such fittings and connectors shall be equal to the wiring method employed in insulation, temperature risc, and fault-current withstanding, and shall be capable of enduring the vibration and shock occurring in park trailers.
(O) Method of Connecting Expandable Units. The method of connecting expandable units to the main body of the park trailer shall comply with 552.48(O) (1) and 552.48(O) (2) as applicable.
(1) Cord-and-Plug Connected. Cord-and-plug connections shall comply with 552.48(O) (1) (a) through (O) (1) (d).
(a) The portion of a branch circuit that is installed in an expandable unit shall be permitted to be connected to the portion of the branch circuit in the main body of the vehicle by means of an attachment plug and cord listed for hard usage. The cord and its connections shall comply with Parts I and II of Article 400 and shall be considered as a permitted use under 400.10. Where the attachment plug and cord are located within the park trailer's interior, use of plastic thermoset or clastomer parallel cord Type SPT-3, SP-3, or SPE shall be permitted.
(b) Where the receptacle provided for connection of the cord to the main circuit is located on the outside of the park trailer, it shall be protected with a ground-fault circuit inter- rupter for personnel and be listed for wet locations. A cord located on the outside of a park trailer shall be identified for outdoor usc.
(c) Unless removable or stored within the park trailer interior, the cord assembly shall have permanent provisions for protection against corrosion and mechanical damage while the park trailer is in transit.
(d) The attachment plug and cord shall be installed so as not to permit exposed live attachment plug pins.
(2) Direct Wires Connected. That portion of a branch circuit that is installed in an expandable unit shall be permitted to be connected to the portion of the branch circuit in the main body of the park trailer by means of flexible cord installed in accordance with 552.48(O) (2) (a) through (O) (2) (f) or other approved wiring method.
(a) The flexible cord shall be listed for hard usage and for use in wet locations.
(b) The flexible cord shall be permitted to be exposed on the underside of the vehicle.
(c) The flexible cord shall be permitted to pass through the interior of a wall or floor assembly or both a maximum concealed length of 600 mm (24 in.) before terminating at an outlet or junction box.
(d) Where concealed, the flexible cord shall be installed in nonflexible conduit or tubing that is continuous from the outlet or junction box inside the park trailer to a weatherproof outlet box, junction box, or strain relief fitting listed for use in wet locations that is located on the underside of the park trailer. The outer jacket of flexible cord shall be continuous into the outlet or junction box.
(c) Where the flexible cord passes through the floor to an exposed arca inside of the park trailer, it shall be protected by means of conduit and bushings or equivalent.
(f) Where subject to physical damage, the flexible cord shall be protected with RMC, IMC, Schedule 80 PVC, rein- forced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC) listed for exposure to physical damage, or other approved means and shall extend at least 150 mm (6 in.) above the floor. A means shall be provi- ded to secure the flexible cord where it enters the park trailer.
(P) Prewiring for Air-Conditioning Installation. Prewiring installed for the purpose of facilitating future air-conditioning installation shall comply with the applicable portions of this article and the following:
(1) An overcurrent protective device with a rating compatible with the circuit conductors shall be installed in the panel- board and wiring connections completed.
(2) The load end of the circuit shall terminate in a junction box with a blank cover or other listed enclosure. Where a junction box with a blank cover is used, the free ends of the conductors shall be adequately capped or taped.
(3) A safety label with the word WARNING in minimum 6 mm (1/4 in.) high letters and body text in minimum 3 mm (V/s in.) high letters on a contrasting background shall be affixed on or adjacent to the junction box and shall read as follows:
WARNING AIR-CONDITIONING CIRCUIT. THIS CONNECTION IS FOR AIR CONDITIONERS RATED 110-125-VOLT AC, 60 HZ, AMPERES MAXIMUM. DO NOT EXCEED CIRCUIT RATING.
EXCEEDING THE CIRCUIT RATING MAY CAUSE A FIRE AND RESULT IN DEATH OR SERIOUS INJURY
(4)
An ampere rating not to exceed 80 percent of the circuit rating shall be legibly marked in the blank space. The circuit shall serve no other purpose.
70-524
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
552.56
ARTICLE 552 - PARK TRAILERS
(Q) Prewiring for Other Circuits. Prewiring installed for the purpose of installing other appliances or devices shall comply with the applicable portions of this article and the following:
(1) An overcurrent protection device with a rating compati- ble with the circuit conductors shall be installed in the panelboard with wiring connections completed.
(2) The load end of the circuit shall terminate in a junction box with a blank cover or a device listed for the purpose. Where a junction box with blank cover is used, the free ends of the conductors shall be adequately capped or tapcd.
(3) A safety label with the signal word WARNING in mini- mum 6 mm (1/4 in.) high letters and body text in mini- mum 3 mm ('s in.) high letters on a contrasting background shall be affixed on or adjacent to the junc- tion box or device listed for the purpose and shall read as follows:
WARNING
THIS CONNECTION IS FOR RATED VOLT AC,
60 HZ, AMPERES MAXIMUM. DO NOT EXCEED CIRCUIT RATING. EXCEEDING THE CIRCUIT RATING MAY CAUSE A FIRE AND RESULT IN DEATH OR SERIOUS INJURY.
An ampere rating not to exceed 80 percent of the circuit rating shall be legibly marked in the blank space.
552.49 Maximum Number of Conductors in Boxes. The maxi- mum number of conductors permitted in boxes shall be in accordance with 314.16.
552.50 Grounded Conductors. The identification of grounded conductors shall be in accordance with 200.6.
552.51 Connection of Terminals and Splices. Conductor spli- ces and connections at terminals shall be in accordance with 110.14.
552.52 Switches. Switches shall be rated as required by 552.52(A) and (B).
(A) Lighting Circuits. For lighting circuits, switches shall be rated not less than 10 amperes, 120/125 volts, and in no casc less than the connected load.
(B) Motors or Other Loads. For motors or other loads, switches shall have ampere or horsepower ratings, or both, adequate for loads controlled. (An ac general-use snap switch shall be permitted to control a motor 2 hp or less with full-load current not over 80 percent of the switch ampere rating.)
(C) Location. Switches shall not be installed within wet loca- tions in tub or shower spaces unless installed as part of a listed tub or shower assembly.
552.53 Receptacles. All receptacle outlets shall be of the grounding type and installed in accordance with 210.21 and 406.4.
552.54 Luminaires.
(A) General. Any combustible wall or ceiling finish exposed between the edge of a canopy or pan of a luminaire or ceiling suspended (paddle) fan and the outlet box shall be covered with noncombustible material or a material identified for the purposc.
(B) Shower Luminaires. If a luminaire is provided over a bath- tub or in a shower stall, it shall be of the enclosed and gasketed type and listed for the type of installation, and it shall be ground-fault circuit-interrupter protected.
(C) Outdoor Outlets, Luminaires, Air-Cooling Equipment, and So On. Outdoor luminaires and other equipment shall be listed for outdoor use or wet locations.
552.55 Grounding. (Scc also 552.57 on bonding of non- current-carrying metal parts.)
(A) Power-Supply Grounding. The equipment grounding conductor in the supply cord or feeder shall be connected to the equipment grounding bus or other approved equipment grounding means in the panelboard.
(B) Panelboard. The panelboard shall have an equipment grounding bus with sufficient terminals for all equipment grounding conductors or other approved grounding means.
(C) Insulated Grounded Conductor. The grounded circuit conductor shall be insulated from the equipment grounding conductors and from'equipment enclosures and other groun- ded parts. The grounded circuit conductor terminals in the panelboard and in ranges, clothes dryers, counter-mounted cooking units, and wall-mounted ovens shall be insulated from the equipment enclosure. Bonding screws, straps, or buses in the panelboard or in appliances shall be removed and discar- ded. Connection of electric ranges and electric clothes dryers utilizing a grounded conductor, if cord-connected, shall be made with 4-conductor cord and 3-polc, 4-wirc, grounding-type plug caps and receptacles.
552.56 Interior Equipment Grounding.
(A) Exposed Metal Parts. In the electrical system, all exposed metal parts, enclosures, frames, luminaire canopies, and so forth, shall be effectively bonded to the grounding terminals or enclosure of the panelboard.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductors. Bare conductors or conductors with insulation or individual covering that is green or green with one or more yellow stripes shall be used for equipment grounding conductors only.
(C) Grounding of Electrical Equipment. Where grounding of electrical equipment is specified, it shall be permitted as follows:
(1) Connection of metal raceway (conduit or electrical metal- lic tubing), the sheath of Type MC and Type MI cable where the sheath is identified for grounding, or the armor of Type AC cable to metal enclosures.
(2) A connection between the one or more equipment grounding conductors and a metal box by means of a grounding screw, which shall be used for no other purpose, or a listed grounding device.
(3) The equipment grounding conductor in nonmetallic- shcathed cable shall be permitted to be secured under a screw threaded into the luminaire canopy other than a mounting screw or cover screw or attached to a listed grounding means (plate) in a nonmetallic outlet box for luminaire mounting (grounding mcans shall also be permitted for luminaire attachment screws).
(D) Grounding Connection in Nonmetallic Box. A connection between the one or more grounding conductors brought into a nonmetallic outlet box shall be arranged so that a connection
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-525
552.56
ARTICLE 552 - PARK TRAILERS
can be made to any fitting or device in that box that requires grounding.
(E) Grounding Continuity. Where more than one equipment grounding conductor of a branch circuit enters a box, all such conductors shall be in good electrical contact with each other, and the arrangement shall be such that the disconnection or removal of a receptacle, fixture, including a luminaire, or other device fed from the box will not interfere with or interrupt the grounding continuity.
(F) Cord-Connected Appliances. Cord-connected appliances, such as washing machines, clothes dryers, refrigerators, and the electrical system of gas ranges, and so on, shall be grounded by means of an approved cord with equipment grounding conductor and grounding-type attachment plug.
552.57 Bonding of Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts.
(A) Required Bonding. All exposed non-current-carrying metal parts that are likely to become energized shall be cffcc- tively bonded to the grounding terminal or enclosure of the panelboard.
(B) Bonding Chassis. A bonding conductor shall be connec- ted between any panelboard and an accessible terminal on the chassis. Bonding terminations shall be suitable for the environ- ment in which the conductors and terminations are installed.
Exception: Any park trailer that employs a unitized metal chassis-frame construction to which the panelboard is securely fastened with a bolt(s) and nut(s) or by welding or riveting shall be considered to be bonded.
(C) Bonding Conductor Requirements. Grounding terminals shall be of the solderless type and listed as pressure terminal connectors recognized for the wire size used. The bonding conductor shall be solid or stranded, insulated or bare, and shall be 8 AWG copper minimum or equivalent.
(D) Metallic Roof and Exterior Bonding. The metal roof and exterior covering shall be considered bonded where both of the following conditions apply:
(1) The metal panels overlap one another and are securely attached to the wood or metal frame parts by metal fasteners.
(2) The lower panel of the metal exterior covering is secured by metal fasteners at cach cross member of the chassis, or the lower panel is connected to the chassis by a metal strap.
(E) Gas, Water, and Waste Pipe Bonding. The gas, water, and waste pipes shall be considered grounded if they are bonded to the chassis.
(F) Furnace and Metal Air Duct Bonding. Furnace and metal circulating air ducts shall be bonded.
552.58 Appliance Accessibility and Fastening. Every appliance shall be accessible for inspection, service, repair, and replace- ment without removal of permanent construction. Mcans shall be provided to securely fasten appliances in place when the park trailer is in transit.
552.59 Outdoor Outlets, Fixtures, Including Luminaires, Air- Cooling Equipment, and So On.
(A) Listed for Outdoor Use. Outdoor fixtures, including luminaires, and equipment shall be listed for outdoor use. Outdoor receptacle outlets shall be in accordance with
406.9(A) and (B). Switches and circuit breakers installed outdoors shall comply with 404.4.
(B) Outside Heating Equipment, Air-Conditioning Equipment, or Both. A park trailer provided with a branch circuit designed to energize outside heating equipment or air-conditioning equipment, or both, located outside the park trailer, other than room air conditioners, shall have such branch-circuit conduc- tors terminate in a listed outlet box or disconnecting means located on the outside of the park trailer. A safety label with the word WARNING in minimum 6 mm (1/4 in.) high letters and body text in minimum 3 mm (V/s in.) high letters on a contrast- ing background shall be affixed within 150 mm (6 in.) from the listed box or disconnecting means and shall read as follows:
WARNING THIS CONNECTION IS FOR HEATING AND/OR AIR-CONDITIONING EQUIPMENT. THE BRANCH CIRCUIT IS RATED AT NOT MORE THAN AMPERES, AT _VOLTS, 60 HZ, CONDUCTOR AMPACITY. A DISCONNECTING MEANS SHALL BE LOCATED WITHIN SIGHT OF THE EQUIPMENT. EXCEEDING THE CIRCUIT RATING MAY CAUSE A FIRE AND RESULT IN DEATH OR SERIOUS INJURY.
The correct voltage and ampere rating shall be given.
Part V. Factory Tests
552.60 Factory Tests (Electrical). Each park trailer shall be subjected to the tests required by 552.60(A) and (B).
(A) Circuits of 120 Volts or 120/240 Volts. Each park trailer designed with a 120-volt or a 120/240-volt electrical system shall withstand the applied voltage without electrical break- down of a 1 minute, 900-volt dielectric strength test, or a 1 second, 1080-volt dielectric strength test, with all switches closed, between ungrounded and grounded conductors and the park trailer ground. During the test, all switches and other controls shall be in the "on" position. Fixtures, including luminaires, and permanently installed appliances shall not be required to withstand this test.
Each park trailer shall be subjected to the following:
(1) A continuity test to ensure that all metal parts are prop- crly bonded
(2) Operational tests to demonstrate that all equipment is properly connected and in working order
(3) Polarity checks to determine that connections have been properly made
(4) Receptacles requiring GFCI protection shall be tested for correct function by the use of a GFCI testing device
(B) Low-Voltage Circuits. An operational test of low-voltage circuits shall be conducted to demonstrate that all equipment is connected and in electrical working order. This test shall be performed in the final stages of production after all outer coverings and cabinetry have been secured.
70-526
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 555 -MARINAS, BOATYARDS, AND COMMERCIAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL DOCKING FACILITIES 555.14
ARTICLE 555 Marinas, Boatyards, Floating Buildings, and Commercial and Noncommercial Docking Facilities
Part I. General
555.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of wiring and equipment in the arcas comprising fixed or floating piers, wharves, docks, floating buildings, and other arcas in marinas, boatyards, boat basins, boathouses, yacht clubs, boat condomin- iums, docking facilities associated with one-family dwellings, two-family dwellings, multifamily dwellings, and residential condominiums; any multiple docking facility or similar occu- pancies; and facilities that are used, or intended for use, for the purpose of repair, berthing, launching, storage, or fueling of small craft and the moorage of floating buildings.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 303-2016, Fire Protection Standard for Marinas and Boat yards, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: Where boats, floating buildings, docks, and similar structures are connected to an electrical source or a supply of electricity, hazardous voltages and currents may create serious safety concerns.
Informational Note No. 3: Text that is followed by a reference in brackets has been extracted from NFPA 303-2016, Fire Protection Standard for Marinas and Boatyards, and NFPA 307-2016, Standard for the Construction and Fire Protection of Marine Terminals, Piers, and Wharves. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
555.3 Electrical Datum Plane Distances.
(A) Floating Piers. The electrical datum plane for floating piers and boat landing stages that is (1) installed to permit risc and fall response to water level and without lateral movement, and (2) that are so cquipped that piers and landing stages can risc to the datum plane established for 555.3(B) or (C), shall be a horizontal plane 762 mm (30 in.) above the water level at the floating pier or boat landing stage and a minimum of 305 mm (12 in.) above the level of the deck.
(B) Areas Subject to Tidal Fluctuations. In land arcas subject to tidal fluctuation, the electrical datum plane shall be a hori- zontal planc that is 606 mm (2 ft) above the highest tide level for the arca occurring under normal circumstances, based on the highest high tide.
(C) Areas Not Subject to Tidal Fluctuations. In land arcas not subject to tidal fluctuation, the electrical datum plane shall be a horizontal planc that is 606 mm (2 ft) above the highest water level for the arca occurring under normal circumstances.
555.4 Location of Service Equipment. The service equipment for a floating building, dock, or marina shall be located on land no closer than 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from and adjacent to the structure served, but not on or in the structure itself or any other floating structurc. Service equipment shall be eleva- ted a minimum of 300 mm (12 in.) above the electrical datum planc.
555.5 Maximum Voltage. Pier power distribution systems shall not exceed 250 volts phase to phase. Pier power distribution systems, where qualified personnel service the equipment
under engineering supervision, shall be permitted to exceed 250 volts but these systems shall not exceed 600 volts.
555.6 Load Calculations for Service and Feeder Conductors. General lighting and other loads shall be calculated in accord- ance with Part III of Article 220, and, in addition, the demand factors set forth in 220.120 shall be permitted for cach service and/or feeder circuit supplying receptacles that provide shore power for boat.s.
555.7 Transformers.
(A) General. Transformers and enclosures shall be identified for wet locations. The bottom of transformer enclosures shall not be located below the electrical datum planc.
(B) Replacements. Transformers and enclosures shall be iden- tified for wet locations where replacements are made.
555.8 Marine Hoists, Railways, Cranes, and Monorails. Motors and controls for marine hoists, railways, cranes, and monorails shall not be located below the electrical datum planc. Where it is necessary to provide electric power to a mobile crane or hoist in the yard and a trailing cable is utilized, it shall be a listed portable power cable rated for the conditions of use and be provided with an outer jacket of distinctive color for safety.
555.10 Signage. Permanent safety signs shall be installed to give notice of electrical shock hazard risks to persons using or swimming ncar a docking facility, boatyard, or marina and shall comply with all of the following:
(1) The signage shall comply with 110.21(B) (1) and bc of sufficient durability to withstand the environment.
(2) The signs shall be clearly visible from all approaches to a marina, docking facility, or boatyard facility.
(3) The signs shall state "WARNING - POTENTIAL SHOCK HAZARD - ELECTRICAL CURRENTS MAY BE PRESENT IN THE WATER."
555.11 Motor Fuel Dispensing Stations - Hazardous (Classi- fied) Locations. Electrical wiring and equipment located at or serving motor fuel dispensing locations shall comply with Arti- cle 514 in addition to the requirements of this article.
555.12 Repair Facilities - Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Electrical wiring and equipment located at facilities for the repair of marine craft containing flammable or combustible liquids or gases shall comply with Article 511 in addition to the requirements of this article.
555.13 Bonding of Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts. All metal parts in contact with the water, all metal piping, and all non-current-carrying metal parts that are likely to become energized and that are not connected to a branch circuit or feeder equipment grounding conductor, shall be connected to the grounding bus in the panelboard using solid copper conductors; insulated, covered, or bare; not smaller than 8 AWG. Connections to bonded parts shall be made in accord- ance with 250.8.
555.14 Equipotential Planes and Bonding of Equipotential Planes. An cquipotential planc shall be installed where required in this section to mitigate step and touch voltages at electrical equipment. The parts specified in this section shall be bonded together and to the electrical grounding system. The bonding conductor shall be solid copper conductors; insu- lated, covered, or bare; not smaller than 8 AWG.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-527
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
555.14 ARTICLE 555 - MARINAS, BOATYARDS, AND COMMERCIAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL DOCKING FACILITIES
(A) Areas Requiring Equipotential Planes. Equipotential planes shall be installed adjacent to all outdoor service equip- ment or disconnecting means that control equipment in or on water where the following conditions exist:
(1) Where the system voltage exceeds 250 volts to ground
(2) Where the equipment is located within 3 m (10 ft) of the body of water
The cquipotential plane shall include all metallic enclosures and controls that are likely to become energized and are acces- sible to personnel. The cquipotential plane shall encompass the area around the equipment and shall extend from the arca directly below the equipment out not less than 900 mm (36 in.) in all directions from which a person would be able to stand and come in contact with the equipment.
(B) Areas Not Requiring Equipotential Planes. Equipotential planes shall not be required for the controlled utilization equipment on the docking facility or floating building supplied by the service equipment or disconnecting means.
555.15 Replacement of Equipment. When modifications or replacements of electrical enclosures, devices, or wiring meth- ods are necessary on a docking facility, they shall be required to comply with the requirements of this Code, and the installation shall require an inspection of the circuit. Existing equipment that has been damaged shall be identified, documented, and repaired by a qualified person to the minimum requirements of the edition of this Codeto which it was originally installed.
Informational Note: NFPA 303-2021, Fire Protection Standard for Marinas and Boatyards, is a resource for guiding the electrical inspection of a marina.
Part II. Marinas, Boatyards, and Docking Facilities 555.30 Electrical Equipment and Connections.
(A) General. All electrical components within electrical equip- ment (excluding wiring methods) and connections not inten- ded for operation while submerged shall be located at least 305 mm (12 in.) above the deck of a fixed or floating structure, but not below the electrical datum planc. Conductor splices, within junction boxes identified for wet locations, utilizing scaled wire connector systems listed and identified for submer- sion shall be required for floating structures where located above the waterline but below the electrical datum planc.
(B) Replacements. Replacement electrical connections shall be located at least 305 mm (12 in.) above the deck of a floating or fixed structure. Conductor splices, within junction boxes identified for wet locations, utilizing scaled wire connector systems listed and identified for submersion shall be required where located above the waterline but below the electrical datum planc.
555.31 Electrical Equipment Enclosures.
(A) Securing and Supporting. Electrical equipment enclosures installed on piers above deck level shall be securely and substantially supported by structural members, independent of any conduit connected to them. If enclosures are not attached to mounting surfaces by means of external cars or lugs, the internal screw heads shall be scaled to prevent seepage of water through mounting holes.
(B) Location. Electrical equipment enclosures on piers shall be located so as not to interfere with mooring lines.
555.32 Circuit Breakers, Switches, Panelboards, and Marina Power Outlets. Circuit breakers and switches installed in gaske- ted enclosures shall be arranged to permit required manual operation without exposing the interior of the enclosure. All such enclosures shall be arranged with a weep hole to discharge condensation.
555.33 Receptacles. Receptacles shall be mounted not less than 305 mm (12 in.) above the deck surface of the pier and not below the electrical datum plane on a fixed picr.
(A) Shore Power Receptacles.
(1) Enclosures. Receptacles intended to supply shore power to boats shall be enclosed in listed marina power outlets, enclo- sures listed for wet locations, or shall be installed in listed enclosures protected from the weather. The integrity of the assembly shall not be affected when the receptacles are in use with any type of booted or nonbooted attachment plug/cap inserted.
(2) Strain Relief. Mcans shall be provided where necessary to reduce the strain on the plug and receptacle caused by the weight and catenary angle of the shore power cord.
(3) Branch Circuits. Each single receptacle that supplies shore power to boats shall be supplied from a marina power outlet or panelboard by an individual branch circuit of the voltage class and rating corresponding to the rating of the receptacle.
Informational Note: Supplying receptacles at voltages other than the voltages marked on the receptacle may cause overheat- ing or malfunctioning of connected equipment, for example, supplying single-phase, 120/240-volt, 3-wire loads from a 208Y/ 120-volt, 3-wire source.
(4) Ratings. Shore power for boats shall be provided by single receptacles rated not less than 30 amperes.
Informational Note: See NFPA 303-2016, Fire Protection Standard for Marinas and Boatyards, for locking- and grounding-type recep- tacles for auxiliary power to boats.
(a) Receptacles rated 30 amperes and 50 amperes shall be of the locking and grounding typc.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, for various configurations and ratings of locking-and grounding-type receptacles and caps.
(b) Receptacles rated 60 amperes or higher shall be of the pin and sleeve type.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1686, UL. Standard for Safety Pin and Sleeve Configurations, for various configurations and ratings of pin and sleeve receptacles.
(B) Other Than Shore Power. Receptacles other than those supplying shore power to boats shall be permitted to be enclosed in marina power outlets with the receptacles that provide shore power to boats, provided the receptacles are marked to clearly indicate that the receptacles are not to be used to supply power to boats.
(C) Replacement Receptacles. The requirements in 555.33 shall apply to the replacement of marina receptacles.
70-528
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 555 -MARINAS, BOATYARDS, AND COMMERCIAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL DOCKING FACILITIES 555.35
555.34 Wiring Methods and Installation.
(A) Wiring Methods.
(1) General. Wiring methods of Chapter 3 shall be permitted where identified for use in wet locations and shall contain a wirc-type insulated equipment grounding conductor.
(2) Portable Power Cables. Extra-hard usage cord and extra- hard usage portable power cables rated not less than 75 (167ºF) and 600 volts, listed for use in the environment within which it is installed, shall be permitted as follows:
(1) As permanent wiring on the underside of piers (floating or fixed)
(2) Where flexibility is necessary as on piers composed of floating sections
(B) Installation.
(1) Overhead Wiring. Overhead wiring shall be installed to avoid possible contact with masts and other parts of boats being moved in the yard.
Conductors and cables shall be routed to avoid wiring closer than 6.0 m (20 ft) from the outer edge or any portion of the yard that can be used for moving vessels or stepping or unstep- ping masts.
(2) Outdoor Branch Circuits and Feeders. Multiple feeders and branch circuits shall be permitted and clearances for over- head branch-circuit and feeder wiring in locations of the boat- yard other than those described in 555.34(B) (1) shall bc located not less than 5.49 m (18 ft) above grade. Only Part I of Article 225 shall apply to marina installations.
(3) Portable Power Cables.
(a) Where portable power cables are permitted . by 555.34(A) (2), the installation shall comply with the following:
(1) Cables shall be properly supported.
(2) Cables shall be located on the underside of the pier.
(3) Cables shall be securely fastened by nonmetallic clips to structural members other than the deck planking.
(4) Cables shall not be installed where subject to physical damage.
(5) Where cables pass through structural members, they shall be protected against chafing by a permanently installed oversized sleeve of nonmetallic material.
(b) Where portable power cables are used as permitted in 555.34(A) (2)(2), there shall be a junction box of corrosion- resistant construction with permanently installed terminal blocks on cach pier section to which the feeders and feeder extensions are to be connected. A listed marina power outlet employing terminal blocks/bars shall be permitted in licu of a junction box. Metal junction boxes and covers, and metal screws and parts that are exposed externally to the boxes, shall be of corrosion-resistant materials or protected by material resistant to corrosion.
(4) Protection. Rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC) listed for aboveground use, or rigid polyvinyl chloride (PVC) conduit suitable for the location shall be used to protect wiring to a point at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above docks, decks of piers, and land- ing stages. The conduit shall be connected to the enclosure by full standard threads or fittings listed for use in damp or wet locations, as applicable.
555.35 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment (GFPE) and Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupter. For other than floating buildings, ground-fault protection for docking facilities shall be provided in accordance with 555.35(A) through (D).
(A) Feeder. Listed GFPE, rated not more than 100 milliam- peres, shall be provided for feeders installed on docking facili- tics. Coordination with downstream GFPE shall be permitted at the feeder overcurrent protective device.
Exception: Transformer secondary conductors of a separately derived system that do not exceed 3 m (10 ft) and are installed in a raceway shall be permitted to be installed without ground-fault protection.
This exception shall also apply to the supply terminals of the equip- ment supplied by the transformer secondary conductors.
(B) Branch-Circuits.
(1) Receptacles Providing Shore Power. Listed GFPE, rated not more than 30 milliamperes, shall be provided for recepta- cles installed in accordance with 555.33(A).
(2) Outlets for Other than Shore Power. Outlets supplied by branch circuits not exceeding 150 volts to ground and 60 amperes, single phase, and 150 volts or less to ground, 100 amperes or less, three phase, shall be provided with GFCI protection for personnel.
Exception to (B): Low-voltage circuits not requiring grounding, not exceeding the low-voltage contact limit and supplied by listed transform- ers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A)(2)shall be permitted to be installed without ground-fault protection.
(C) Boat Hoists. GFCI protection for personnel shall be provi- ded for outlets not exceeding 240 volts that supply a boat hoist installed at docking facilities. GFCI protected receptacles for other than shore power shall be permitted to supply boat hoists.
(D) Leakage Current Measurement Device. Where more than three receptacles supply shore power to boats, a listed leakage current measurement device for use in marina applications shall be available and be used to determine leakage current from cach boat that will utilize shore power. The listing requirement for the leakage current measurement device for use in marina applications shall become effective January 1, 2026.
Informational Note No. 1: Leakage current measurement will provide the capability to determine when an individual boat has defective wiring or other problems contributing to hazardous voltage and current. The use of a test device will allow the facility operator to identify a boat that is creating problems. In some cases a single boat could cause an upstream GFPE device protecting a feeder to operate even though multiple boats are supplied from the same feeder. The use of a test device will help the facility operator prevent a particular boat from contributing to hazardous voltage and current in the marina area.
Informational Note No. 2: An annual test of each boat with the leakage current measurement device is a prudent step toward determining if a boat has defective wiring that could be contri- buting hazardous voltage and current. Where the leakage current measurement device reveals that a boat is contributing hazardous voltage and current, repairs should be made to the boat before it is pennitted to utilize shore power.
Exception: Where the shore power equipment includes a leakage indica- tor and leakage alarm, a separate leakage test devire shall not be required.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-529
555.36 ARTICLE 555 - MARINAS, BOATYARDS, AND COMMERCIAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL DOCKING FACILITIES
555.36 Disconnecting Means for Shore Power Connection(s). Disconnecting means shall be provided to isolate cach boat from its supply connection(s).
(A) Type. The disconnecting means shall consist of a circuit breaker, switch, or both, and shall be properly identified as to which receptacle it controls.
(B) Location. The disconnecting means shall be readily acces- sible, located not more than 762 mm (30 in.) from the recepta- cle it controls, and located in the supply circuit ahead of the receptacle. Circuit breakers or switches located in marina power outlets complying with this section shall be permitted as the disconnecting means.
(C) Emergency Electrical Disconnect. Each marina power outlet or enclosure that provides shore power to boats shall be provided with a listed emergency shutoff device or electrical disconnect that is clearly marked "Emergency Shutoff" in accordance with 110.22(A). The emergency shutoff device or electrical disconnect shall be within sight of the marina power outlet or other enclosure that provides shore power to boats, readily accessible, externally operable, manually resettable, and listed for use in wet locations. The emergency shutoff device or electrical disconnect shall de-energize the power supply to all circuits supplied by the marina power outlet(s) or enclosure (s) that provide shore power to boats. A circuit breaker handle shall not be used for this purpose.
555.37 Equipment Grounding Conductor.
(A) Equipment to Be Connected to Equipment Grounding Conductor. The following items shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor run with the circuit conduc- tors in the same raceway, cable, or trench:
(1) Metal boxes, metal cabinets, and all other metal enclo- surcs
(2) .Mctal frames of utilization equipment
(3) Grounding terminals of grounding-type receptacles
(B) Type of Equipment Grounding Conductor. An equipment grounding conductor shall be of the wire-type, insulated, and sized in accordance with 250.122 but not smaller than 12 AWG.
(C) Feeder Equipment Grounding Conductor. Where a feeder supplies a remote panelboard or other distribution equipment, an insulated equipment grounding conductor shall extend from a grounding terminal in the service to a grounding termi- nal and busbar in the remote panelboard or other distribution equipment.
(D) Branch-Circuit Equipment Grounding Conductor. The insulated equipment grounding conductor for branch circuits shall terminate at a grounding terminal in a remote panel- board, in other distribution equipment, or in the main service equipment.
(E) Cord-and-Plug-Connected Appliances. Unless double- insulated, cord-and-plug-connected appliances shall be groun- ded by means of an equipment grounding conductor in the cord and a grounding-type attachment plug.
Exception: An equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to be uninsulated if a part of a listed cable assembly identified for the envi- ronment and not subject to atmospheres or environments such as, but not limited to, storm water basins, sewage treatment ponds, and natu- ral bodies of water containing salt water.
555.38 Luminaires.
(A) General. All luminaires and retrofit kits shall be listed and identified for use in their intended environment. Luminaires and their supply connections shall be secured to structural clements of the marina to limit damage from watercraft and prevent entanglement of and interaction with sea life.
(B) Underwater Luminaires. Luminaires installed below the highest high tide level or electrical datum plane and likely to be periodically submersed shall be limited to those luminaires that comply with the following:
(1) Identified as submersible
(2) Operate below the low-voltage contact limit defined in Article 100
(3) Supplied by an isolating transformer or power supply in accordance with 680.23(A) (2)
Part III. Floating Buildings
555.50 Service Conductors. One set of service conductors shall be permitted to serve more than one set of service equip- ment.
555.51 Feeder Conductors. Each floating building shall be supplied by a single set of feeder conductors from its service equipment.
Exception: Where the floating building has multiple occupancy, each occupant shall be permitted to be supplied by a single set of feeder conductors extended from the occupant's service equipment to the ocru- pant's panelboard.
555.52 Installation of Services and Feeders.
(A) Flexibility. Flexibility of the wiring system shall be main- tained between floating buildings and the supply conductors. All wiring shall be installed so that motion of the water surface and changes in the water level will not result in unsafe condi- tions.
(B) Wiring Methods. Liquidtight flexible metal conduit or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit with approved fittings shall be permitted for feeders and where flexible connections are required for services. Extra-hard usage portable power cable listed for both wet locations and sunlight resistance shall be permitted for a feeder to a floating building where flexibil- ity is required. Other raceways suitable for the location shall be permitted to be installed where flexibility is not required.
555.53 Ground-Fault Protection. The main overcurrent protective device that feeds the floating building shall have ground-fault protection not exceeding 100 mA. Ground-fault protection of cach individual branch or feeder circuit shall be permitted as a suitable alternative. Outdoor outlets, shore power outlets, and boat hoists located at floating buildings shall comply with 555.35(C) and (D).
555.54 Grounding. Grounding at floating buildings shall comply with 555.54(A) through (D).
(A) Grounding of Electrical and Nonelectrical Parts. Ground- ing of both electrical and nonelectrical parts in a floating build- ing shall be through connection to a grounding bus in the building panelboard.
(B) Installation and Connection of Equipment Grounding Conductor. The equipment grounding conductor shall be
70-530
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 590 -TEMPORARY INSTALLATIONS
590.4
installed with the feeder conductors and connected to a grounding terminal in the service equipment.
(C) Identification of Equipment Grounding Conductor. The equipment grounding conductor shall be an insulated copper conductor with a continuous outer finish that is cither green or green with one or more yellow stripes. For conductors larger than 6 AWG, or where multiconductor cables are used, re- identification of conductors allowed in 250.119(B)(2)b. and (B)(2)c. shall be permitted.
(D) Grounding Electrode Conductor Connection. The grounding terminal in the service equipment shall be groun- ded by connection through an insulated grounding electrode conductor to a grounding electrode on shore.
555.55 Insulated Neutral. The grounded circuit conductor (neutral) shall be an insulated conductor identified in compli- ance with 200.6. The neutral conductor shall be connected to the equipment grounding terminal in the service equipment, and, except for that connection, it shall be insulated from the equipment grounding conductors, equipment enclosures, and all other grounded parts. The neutral conductor terminals in the panelboard and in ranges, clothes dryers, counter-mounted cooking units, and the like shall be insulated from the enclo- surcs.
555.56 Equipment Grounding.
(A) Electrical Systems. All enclosures and exposed metal parts of electrical systems shall be connected to the grounding bus.
(B) Cord-Connected Appliances. Where required to be groun- ded, cord-connected appliances shall be grounded by means of an equipment grounding conductor in the cord and a grounding-type attachment plug.
ARTICLE 590 Temporary Installations
590.1 Scope. The provisions of this article apply to temporary electric power and lighting installations.
590.2 All Wiring Installations.
(A) Other Articles. Except as specifically modified in this arti- clc, all other requirements of this Code for permanent wiring shall apply to temporary wiring installations.
(B) Approval. Temporary wiring methods shall be acceptable only if approved based on the conditions of use and any special requirements of the temporary installation.
590.3 Time Constraints.
(A) During the Period of Construction. Temporary electric power and lighting installations shall be permitted during the period of construction, remodeling, maintenance, repair, or demolition of buildings, structures, equipment, or similar activ- itics.
(B) 90 Days. Temporary electric power and lighting installa- tions shall be permitted for a period not to exceed 90 days for holiday decorative lighting and similar purposes.
(C) Emergencies and Tests. Temporary electric power and lighting installations shall be permitted during emergencies and for tests, experiments, and developmental work.
(D) Removal. Temporary wiring shall be removed immediately upon completion of construction or purpose for which the wiring was installed.
590.4 General.
(A) Services. Services shall be installed in conformance with Parts I through VIII of Article 230, as applicable.
(B) Feeders. Overcurrent protection shall be provided in accordance with 240.4, 240.5, 245.26, 445.12, and 445.13. Conductors shall be permitted within cable assemblies or within multiconductor cords or cables of a type identified in Table 400.4 for hard usage or extra-hard usage. For the purpose of this section, the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
(1) Type NM, Type NVIC, and Type SE cables shall be permit- ted to be used in any dwelling, building, or structure with- out any height limitation or limitation by building construction type and without concealment within walls, floors, or ceilings.
(2) Type SE cable shall be permitted to be installed in a race- way in an underground installation.
Exception: Single insulated conductors shall be permitted where instal- led for the purpose(s) specified in 590.3(C) and accessible only to quali- fied persons.
(C) Branch Circuits. All branch circuits shall originate in an approved power outlet, switchgear, switchboard or panelboard, motor control center, or fused switch enclosure. Conductors shall be permitted within cable assemblies or within multicon- ductor cord or cable of a type identified in Table 400.4 for hard usage or extra-hard usage. Conductors shall be protected from overcurrent as provided in 240.4, 240.5, and 245.26. For the purposes of this section, the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
(1) Typc .NM, Type NMC, and Type SE cables shall be permit- ted to be used in any dwelling, building, or structure with- out any height limitation or limitation by building construction type and without concealment within walls, floors, or ceilings.
(2) Type SE cable shall be permitted to be installed in a race- way in an underground installation.
Exception: Branch circuits installed for the purposes specified in 590.3(B) or 590.3(C) shall be permitted to be run as single insulated conductors. Where the wiring is installed in accordance with 590.3(B), the voltage to ground shall not exceed 150 volts, the wiring shall not be subject to physical damage, and the conductors shall be supported on insulators at intervals of not more than 3.0 m (10 ft); or, for festoon lighting, the conductors shall be so arranged that excessive strain is not transmitted to the lampholders.
(D) Receptacles.
(1) All Receptacles. All receptacles shall be of the grounding typc. Unless installed in a continuous metal raceway that quali- fics as an equipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.118 or a continuous metal-covered cable that qualifies as an cquipment grounding conductor in accordance with 250.118, all branch circuits shall include a separate equipment grounding conductor, and all receptacles shall be electrically
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-531
590.4
ARTICLE 590- TEMPORARY INSTALLATIONS
connected to the equipment grounding conductor(s). Recepta- cles on construction sites shall not be installed on any branch circuit that supplies temporary lighting.
(2) Receptacles in Wet Locations. All 15- and 20-ampere, 125- and 250-volt receptacles installed in a wet location shall comply with 406.9(B) (1).
(E) Disconnecting Means. Suitable disconnecting switches or plug connectors shall be installed to permit the disconnection of all ungrounded conductors of cach temporary circuit. Multi- wire branch circuits shall be provided with a means to discon- nect simultaneously all ungrounded conductors at the power outlet or panelboard where the branch circuit originated. Iden- tified handle tics shall be permitted.
(F) Lamp Protection. All lamps for general illumination shall be protected from accidental contact or breakage by a suitable luminaire or lampholder with a guard.
Metal guarded sockets shall not be used unless the metal guard is connected to the circuit equipment grounding conductor.
(G) Splices. A box, conduit body, or other enclosure, with a cover installed, shall be required for all splices.
Exception No. 1: On construction sites, a box, conduit body, or other enclosure shall not be required for either of the following conditions:
(1) The circuit conductors being spliced are all from nonmetallic multiconductor cord or cable assemblies, provided that the equip- ment grounding continuity is maintained with or without the box.
(2) The circuit conductors being splired are all from metal-sheathed cable assemblies terminated in listed fittings that mechanically secure the cable sheath to maintain effective electrical continuity.
Exception No. 2: On construction sites, branch-circuits that are perma- nently installed in framed walls and ceilings and are used to supply temporary power or lighting, and that are GFCI protected, the following shall be permitted:
(1) A box cover shall not be required for splices installed completely inside of junction boxes with plaster rings.
(2) Listed pigtail-type lampholders shall be permitted to be installed in ceiling-mounted junction boxes with plaster rings.
(3) Finger safe devices shall be permitted for supplying and connec- tion of devices.
(H) Protection from Accidental Damage. Flexible cords and cables shall be protected from accidental damage. Sharp corners and projections shall be avoided. Where passing through doorways or other pinch points, protection shall be provided to avoid damage.
(I) Termination(s) at Devices. Flexible cords and cables enter- ing enclosures containing devices requiring termination shall be secured to the box with fittings listed for connecting flexible cords and cables to boxes designed for the purpose.
(J) Support. Cable assemblies and flexible cords and cables shall be supported in place at intervals that ensure that they will be protected from physical damage. Support shall be in the form of staples, cable tics, straps, or similar type fittings instal- led so as not to cause damage. Cable assemblies and flexible cords and cables installed as branch circuits or feeders shall not be installed on the floor or on the ground. Extension cords shall not be required to comply with 590.4(J). Vegetation shall
not be used for support of overhead spans of branch circuits or feeders.
Exception: For holiday lighting in accordance with 590.3(B), where the conductors or cables are arranged with strain relief devices, tension take-up devices, or other approved means to avoid damage from the movement of the live vegetation, trees shall be permitted to be used for support of overhead spans of branch-circuit conductors or cables.
590.5 Listing of Decorative Lighting. Decorative lighting used for holiday lighting and similar purposes, in accordance with 590.3(B), shall be listed and shall be labeled on the product.
590.6 Ground-Fault Protection for Personnel. Ground-fault protection for personnel for all temporary wiring installations shall be provided to comply with 590.6(A) and (B). This section shall apply only to temporary wiring installations used to supply temporary power to equipment used by personnel during construction, remodeling, maintenance, repair, or demolition of buildings, structures, equipment, or similar activ- ities. This section shall apply to power derived from an electric utility company or from an on-site-generated power source.
(A) Receptacle Outlets. Temporary receptacle installations used to supply temporary power to equipment used by person- nel during construction, remodeling, maintenance, repair, or demolition of buildings, structures, equipment, or similar activ- itics shall comply with the requirements of 590.6(A) (1) through (A) (3), as applicable.
Exception: In industrial establishments only, where conditions of main- tenance and supervision ensure that only qualified personnel are involved, an assured equipment grounding conductor program as speci- fied in 590.6(B)(2) shall be permitted for only those receptacle outlets used to supply equipment that would create a greater hazard if power were interrupted or having a design that is not compatible with GFCI protection.
(1) Receptacle Outlets Not Part of Permanent Wiring. All 125- volt, single-phase, 15-, 20-, and 30-ampere receptacle outlets that are not a part of the permanent wiring of the building or structure and that are in use by personnel shall have ground- fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel. In addition to this required ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel, listed cord sets or devices incorporating listed ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel iden- tified for portable use shall be permitted.
(2) Receptacle Outlets Existing or Installed as Permanent Wiring. Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for person- nel shall be provided for all 125-volt, single-phase, 15-, 20-, and 30-ampere receptacle outlets installed or existing as part of the permanent wiring of the building or structure and used for temporary electric power. Listed cord sets or devices incorpo- rating listed ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel identified for portable use shall be permitted.
(3) Receptacles on 15-kW or less Portable Generators. All 125- volt and 125/250-volt, single-phase, 15-, 20-, and 30-ampere receptacle outlets that are a part of a 15-kW or smaller portable generator shall have listed ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel. All 15- and 20-ampere, 125- and 250- volt receptacles, including those that are part of a portable generator, used in a damp or wet location shall comply with 406.9(A) and (B). Listed cord sets or devices incorporating listed ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel identified for portable use shall be permitted for use with 15-
70-532
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 590 -TEMPORARY INSTALLATIONS
590.8
kW or less portable generators manufactured or remanufac- tured prior to January 1, 2015.
(B) Other Receptacle Outlets. For temporary wiring installa- tions, receptacles, other than those covered by 590.6(A) (1) through (A) (3) used to supply temporary power to equipment used by personnel during construction, remodeling, mainte- nance, repair, or demolition of buildings, structures, or cquip- ment, or similar activities, shall have protection in accordance with 590.6(B) (1) or the assured equipment grounding conduc- tor program in accordance with 590.6(B) (2).
(1) GFCI Protection. Ground-fault circuit-interrupter protec- tion for personnel.
(2) Assured Equipment Grounding Conductor Program. A written assured equipment grounding conductor program continuously enforced at the site by one or more designated persons to ensure that equipment grounding conductors for all cord sets, receptacles that are not a part of the permanent wiring of the building or structure, and equipment connected by cord and plug are installed and maintained in accordance with the applicable requirements of 250.114, 250.138, 406.4(C), and 590.4(D).
(a) The following tests shall be performed on all cord sets, receptacles that are not part of the permanent wiring of the building or structure, and cord-and-plug-connected equip- ment required to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor:
(1) All equipment grounding conductors shall be tested for continuity and shall be electrically continuous.
(2) Each receptacle and attachment plug shall be tested for correct attachment of the equipment grounding conduc- tor. The equipment grounding conductor shall be connected to its proper terminal.
(3) All required tests shall be performed as follows:
a. Before first use on site
b. When there is evidence of damage
c. Before equipment is returned to service following any repairs
d. At intervals not exceeding 3 months
(b) The tests required in 590.6(B) (2) (a) shall be recor- ded and made available to the authority having jurisdiction.
The assured equipment grounding conductor program shall be documented and made available to the authority having jurisdiction.
Informational Note: See OSHA 29 CFR 1910 and 1926 for requirements for assured equipment grounding conductor programs. See NFPA 70F-2018, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, for additional infonnation.
590.7 Guarding. For wiring over 600 volts, nominal, suitable fencing, barriers, or other effective means shall be provided to limit access only to authorized and qualified personnel.
590.8 Overcurrent Protective Devices.
(A) Where Reused. Overcurrent protective devices that have been previously used and are installed in a temporary installa- tion shall be examined to ensure they have been properly installedand properly maintained, and there is no evidence of impending failure.
Informational Note: See the following standards for further information for properly maintained equipment:
(1) NEMA AB 4, Guidelines for Inspection and Preventive Mainte- nance of Molded-Case Circuit Breakers Used in Commercial and Industrial Applications
(2) NFPA 70B, Recommended Practice for Electrical Equipment Maintenance
(4)
(3) NEMA GD 1, Evaluating Water-Damaged Electrical Equipment IEEE 1458, IEFF Recommended Practice for the Selection, Field Testing, and Life Expertancy of Molded-Case Circuit Breakers for Industrial Applications
(B) Service Overcurrent Protective Devices. Overcurrent protective devices for solidly grounded wye electrical services of more than 150 volts to ground but not exceeding 1000 volts phase-to-phase, available fault current greater than 10,000 amperes, shall be current limiting.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-533
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
CHAPTER 6
ARTICLE 600 - ELECTRIC SIGNS AND OUTLINE LIGHTING
Chapter 6 Special Equipment
ARTICLE 600 Electric Signs and Outline Lighting
Part I. General
600.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of conductors, equipment, and field wiring for electric signs, retrofit kits, and outline lighting, regardless of voltage. All installations and equipment using ncon tubing, such as signs, decorative clements, skeleton tubing, or art forms, are covered by this arti- clc.
Informational Note: Sign and outline lighting illumination systems include, but are not limited to, cold cathode neon tubing, high-intensity discharge lamps (HID), fluorescent or incandescent lamps, light-emitting diodes (LEDs), and electro- luminescent and inductance lighting.
600.3 Listing. Fixed, mobile, or portable electric signs, section signs, outline lighting, photovoltaic (PV) powered signs, and retrofit kits, regardless of voltage, shall be listed and labeled, provided with installation instructions, and installed in conformance with that listing, unless otherwise approved by special permission.
(A) Field-Installed Skeleton Tubing. Field-installed skeleton tubing shall not be required to be listed where installed in conformance with this Code.
(B) Outline Lighting. Outline lighting shall not be required to be listed as a system when it consists of listed luminaires wired in accordance with Chapter 3.
600.4 Markings.
(A) Signs and Outline Lighting Systems. Signs and outline lighting systems shall be listed and labeled; marked with the manufacturer's name, trademark, or other means of identifica- tion; and input voltage and current rating.
(B) Signs with a Retrofitted Illumination System. Signs with a retrofitted illumination system shall contain the following:
(1) The sign shall be marked that the illumination system has been replaced.
(2) The marking shall include the kit providers and installer's name, logo, or unique identifier.
(3) Signs cquipped with tubular light-emitting diode lamps powered by the existing sign sockets shall include a label alerting the service personnel that the sign has been modified. The label shall meet the requirements of 110.21(B). The label shall also include a warning not to install fluorescent lamps and shall also be visible during rclamping.
(C) Signs with Lampholders for Incandescent Lamps. Signs and outline lighting systems with lampholders for incandescent lamps shall be marked to indicate the maximum allowable lamp wattage per lampholder. The markings shall be perma- nently installed, in letters at least 6 mm (1/4 in.) high, and shall be located where visible during relamping.
(D) Visibility. The markings required in 600.4(A) and listing labels shall be visible after installation and shall be permanently applied in a location visible prior to servicing. The marking shall be permitted to be installed in a location not viewed by the public.
(E) Installation Instructions. All signs, outline lighting, skele- ton tubing systems, and retrofit kits shall be marked to indicate that field wiring and installation instructions are required.
Exception: Portable, cord-connected signs are not required to be marked. 600.5 Branch Circuits.
(A) Required Branch Circuit. Each commercial building and cach commercial occupancy accessible to pedestrians shall be provided with at least one outlet in an accessible location at cach entrance to cach tenant space for sign or outline lighting system usc. The outlet(s) shall be supplied by a branch circuit rated at least 20 amperes that supplies no other load.
Exception No. 1: A sign or outline lighting outlet shall not be required at entrances for deliveries, service corridors, or service hallways that are intended to be used only by service personnel or employees.
Exception No. 2: The required branch circuit shall be permitted to supply londs directly related to the control of the sign such as electronic or electromechanical controllers.
(B) Marking. A disconnecting means for a sign, outline light- ing system, or controller shall be marked to identify the sign, outline lighting system, or controller it controls.
Exception: An external disconnecting means that is mounted on the sign body, sign enclosure, sign pole, or controller shall not be required to identify the sign or outline lighting system it controls.
(C) Rating. Branch circuits that supply signs shall be rated in accordance with 600.5(C) (1) or (C) (2) and shall be considered to be continuous loads for the purposes of calculations.
(1) Neon Signs. Branch circuits that supply ncon tubing instal- lations shall not be rated in excess of 30 amperes.
(2) All Other Signs. Branch circuits that supply all other signs and outline lighting systems shall be rated not to exceed 20 amperes.
(D) Wiring Methods. Wiring methods used to supply signs shall comply with 600.5(D) (1), (D) (2), and (D) (3).
(1) Supply. The wiring method used to supply signs and outline lighting systems shall terminate within a sign, an outline lighting system enclosure, a suitable box, a conduit body, or panelboard.
(2) Enclosures as Pull Boxes.
(a) Listed and labeled electrical enclosures integral to the sign shall be permitted to be used for voltages up to 600 volts as pull or junction boxes for conductors supplying the following:
(1) Other adjacent signs
(2) Outline lighting systems
(3) Floodlights that are part of a sign
(b) The enclosures in 600.5(D) (2) (a) shall be permitted to contain both branch and secondary circuit conductors.
70-534
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
600.7
ARTICLE 600 - ELECTRIC SIGNS AND OUTLINE LIGHTING
(c) Listed and labeled ncon transformer boxes shall be permitted to contain multiple voltages over 1000 volts. A disconnecting means shall be provided to de-energize all ungrounded conductors in the enclosures.
(3) Metal or Nonmetallic Poles. Metal or nonmetallic poles used to support signs shall be permitted to enclose supply conductors.
600.6 Disconnects. Each sign and outline lighting system, feeder conductors, or branch circuits supplying a sign, outline lighting system, or skeleton tubing shall be controlled by an externally operable switch or circuit breaker that opens all ungrounded conductors and controls no other load. Signs and outline lighting systems located within fountains shall have the disconnect located in accordance with 680.13.
Exception No. 1: A disconnecting means shall not be required for an exit directional sign located within a building.
Exception No. 2: A disconnecting means shall not be required for cord- connected signs with an attachment plug.
Informational Note: The location of the disconnect is intended to allow service or maintenance personnel and first responders complete and local control of the disconnecting means.
(A) Location. The disconnecting means shall be accessible and located in accordance with 600.6(A) (1), 600.6(A) (2), or 600.6(A) (3). If the disconnecting means is remote from the sign it controls, it shall complywith 600.6(A) (4).
(1) At Point of Entry to a Sign. The disconnect shall be loca- ted at the point the feeder circuit or branch circuits supplying a sign or outline lighting system enters a sign enclosure, a sign body, or a pole in accordance with 600.5(D)(3). The discon- nect shall open all ungrounded conductors where it enters the enclosure of the sign or polc.
Exception No. 1: A disconnect shall not be required for branch circuits or feeder conductors passing through the sign where not accessible and enclosed in a Chapter 3 listed raceway or metal-jacketed cable identified for the location.
Exception No. 2: A disconnect shall not be required at the point of entry to a sign enclosure or sign body for branch circuits or feeder conductors that supply an internal panelboards in a sign enclosure or sign body. The conductors shall be enclosed where not accessible in a Chapter 3 listed raceway or metal-jacketed cable identified for the location. A field- applied permanent hazard label that is visible during servicing shall be applied to the raceway at or near the point of entry into the sign enclo- sure or sign body. The danger label shall state the following: "Danger. This raceway contains energized conductors." The marking shall include the location of the disconnecting means for the energized conductors. The disconnecting means shall be capable of being locked in the open position.
(2) Within Sight of the Sign. The disconnecting means shall be within sight of the sign or outline lighting system that it controls. Where the disconnecting means is out of the line of sight from any section that is able to be energized, the discon- necting means shall be lockable in accordance with 110.25. A permanent field-applied marking identifying the location of the disconnecting means shall be applied to the sign in a loca- tion visible during servicing.
(3) Within Sight of the Controller. The following shall apply for signs or outline lighting systems operated by electronic or
electromechanical controllers located external to the sign or outline lighting system:
(1) The disconnecting means shall be located within sight of the controller or in the same enclosure with the control- ler.
(2) The disconnecting means shall disconnect the sign or outline lighting system and the controller from all ungrounded supply conductors.
(3) The disconnecting means shall be designed such that no pole can be operated independently and shall be lockable in accordance with 110.25.
Exception: Where the disconnecting means is not located within sight of the controller, a permanent field-applied marking identifying the loca- tion of the disconnecting means shall be applied to the controller in a location visible during servicing.
(4) Remote Location. The disconnecting means, if located remote from the sign, sign body, or polc, shall be mounted at an accessible location available to first responders and service personnel. The location of the disconnect shall be marked with a label at the sign location and marked as the disconnect for the sign or outline lighting system.
(B) Control Switch Rating. Switches, flashers, and similar devi- ces controlling transformers and electronic power supplies shall be rated for controlling inductive loads or have a current rating not less than twice the current rating of the transformer or the electronic power supply.
600.7 Grounding and Bonding.
(A) Grounding.
(1) Equipment Grounding Conductor. Metal equipment of signs, outline lighting, and skeleton tubing systems shall be grounded by connection to the equipment grounding conduc- tor of the supply branch circuit(s) or feeder using the types of equipment grounding conductors specified in 250.118.
Exception: Portable cord-connected signs shall not be required to be connected to the equipment grounding conductor where protected by a system of double insulation or its equivalent. Double insulated equip- ment shall be distinctively marked.
(2) Size of Equipment Grounding Conductor. The equipment grounding conductor size shall be in accordance with 250.122.
(3) Connections of Equipment Grounding Conductor. Equip- ment grounding conductor connections shall be made in accordance with 250.130 and in a method specified in 250.8.
(4) Auxiliary Grounding Electrode. Auxiliary grounding clcc- trode(s) shall be permitted for electric signs and outline light- ing systems covered by this article and shall meet the requirements of 250.54.
(5) Metal Building Parts. Metal parts of a building shall not be permitted as a secondary return conductor or an equipment grounding conductor.
(B) Bonding.
(1) Bonding of Metal Parts. Metal parts and equipment of signs and outline lighting systems shall be bonded together and to the associated transformer or power-supply equipment grounding conductor of the branch circuit or feeder supplying the sign or outline lighting system and shall meet the require- ments of 250.90.
2023Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-535
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
600.7
ARTICLE 600 -ELECTRICSIGNS AND OUTLINE LIGHTING
Exception: Remote metal parts of a section sign or outline lighting system only supplied by a remote Class 2 power supply shall not be required to be bonded to an equipment grounding conductor.
(2) Bonding Connections. Bonding connections shall be made in accordance with 250.8.
(3) Metal Building Parts. Metal parts of a building shall not be used as a means for bonding metal parts and equipment of signs or outline lighting systems together or to the transformer or power-supply equipment grounding conductor of the supply circuit.
(4) Flexible Metal Conduit Length. Listed flexible metal conduit or listed liquidtight flexible metal conduit that enclo- ses the secondary circuit conductor from a transformer or power supply for use with ncon tubing shall be permitted as a bonding means if the total accumulative length of the conduit in the secondary circuit does not exceed 30 m (100 ft).
(5) Small Metal Parts. Small metal parts not exceeding 50 mm (2 in.) in any dimension, not likely to be energized, and spaced at least 19 mm (3/4 in.) from ncon tubing shall not require bonding.
(6) Nonmetallic Conduit. Where listed nonmetallic conduit is used to enclose the secondary circuit conductor from a trans- former or power supply and a bonding conductor is required, the bonding conductor shall be installed separate and remote from the nonmetallic conduit and be spaced at least 38 mm (11/2 in.) from the conduit when the circuit is operated at 100 Hz or less or 45 mm (13/4 in.) when the circuit is operated at over 100 Hz.
(7) Bonding Conductors. Bonding conductors installed outside of a sign or raceway shall be protected from physical damage. Bonding conductors shall comply with 250.120 and 250.122. Bonding conductor size shall also comply with one of the following:
(1) Bonding conductors shall be copper and not smaller than 14 AWG.
(2) Bonding conductors shall be copper-clad aluminum and not smaller than 12 AWG.
(8) Signs in Fountains. Signs or outline lighting installed inside a fountain shall have all metal parts bonded to the equipment grounding conductor of the branch circuit for the fountain recirculating system. The bonding connection shall be as near as practicable to the fountain and shall be permitted to be made to metal piping systems that are bonded in accord- ance with 680.54(B).
Informational Note: See 600.32(J) for restrictions on length of high-voltage secondary conductors.
600.8 Enclosures. Live parts, other than lamps, and ncon tubing shall be enclosed. Transformers and power supplies provided with an integral enclosure, including a primary and secondary circuit splice enclosure, shall not require an addi- tional enclosure.
(A) Strength. Enclosures shall have ample structural strength and rigidity.
(B) Material. Sign and outline lighting system enclosures shall be constructed of metal or shall be listed.
(C) Minimum Thickness of Enclosure Metal. Shect copper or aluminum shall be at least 0.51 mm (0.020 in.) thick. Shect steel shall be at least 0.41 mm (0.016 in.) thick.
(D) Protection of Metal. Metal parts of equipment shall be protected from corrosion.
600.9 Location.
(A) Vehicles. Sign or outline lighting system equipment shall be at least 4.3 m (14 ft) above arcas accessible to vehicles unless protected from physical damage.
(B) Pedestrians. Ncon tubing, other than listed, dry-location, portable signs, readily accessible to pedestrians shall be protec- ted from physical damage.
Informational Note: See 600.41 (D) for additional requirements.
(C) Adjacent to Combustible Materials. Signs and outlinc lighting systems shall be installed so that adjacent combustible materials are not subjected to temperatures in excess of 90 (194ºF).
The spacing between wood or other combustible materials and an incandescent or HID lamp or lampholder shall not be less than 50 mm (2 in.).
(D) Wet Location., Signs and outline lighting system equip- ment for wet location usc, other than listed watertight type, shall be weatherproof and have drain holes, as necessary, in accordance with the following:
(1) Drain holes shall not be larger than 13 mm (1/2 in.) or smaller than 6 mm (1/4 in.).
(2). Every low point or isolated section of the equipment shall have at least one drain holc.
(3) Drain holes shall be positioned such that there will be no external obstructions.
600.10 Portable or Mobile Signs.
(A) Support. Portable or mobile signs shall be adequately supported and readily movable without the use of tools.
(B) Attachment Plug. An attachment plug shall be provided for cach portable or mobile sign.
(C) Wet or Damp Location. Portable or mobile signs in wet or clamp locations shall comply with 600.10(C) (1) and (C) (2).
(1) Cords. All cords shall be junior hard-service or hard- service types as designated in Table 400.4 and have an cquip- ment grounding conductor.
(2) Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupter. In addition to the requirements in 210.8, the manufacturer of portable or mobile signs shall provide listed ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel. The ground-fault circuit interrupter shall be an integral part of the attachment plug or shall be loca- ted in the power-supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug.
(D) Dry Location. Portable or mobile signs in dry locations shall meet the following:
(1) Cords shall be SP-2, SPE-2, SPT-2, or hcavier, as designa- ted in Table 400.4.
(2) The cord shall not exceed 4.5 m (15 ft) in length.
600.12 Field-Installed Secondary Wiring. Field-installed secon- dary circuit wiring for electric signs, retrofit kits, outline light-
70-536
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 600 - ELECTRIC SIGNS AND OUTLINE LIGHTING
600.30
ing systems, skeleton tubing, and photovoltaic (PV) powered sign systems shall be in accordance with their installation instructions and 600.12(A), (B), or (C).
(A) 1000 Volts or Less. Ncon and secondary circuit wiring of 1000 volts or less shall comply with 600.31.
(B) Over 1000 Volts. Ncon secondary circuit wiring of over 1000 volts shall comply with 600.32.
(C) Class 2. Where the installation complies with 600.33 and the power source provides a Class 2 output that complies with 600.24, cither of the following wiring methods shall be permit- ted as determined by the installation instructions and condi- tions.
(1) Wiring methods identified in Chapter 3
(2) Class 2 cables complying with Table 600.33(A) (1) and Table 600.33(A) (2)
600.21 Ballasts, Transformers, Electronic Power Supplies, and Class 2 Power Sources. Ballasts, transformers, electronic power supplies, and Class 2 power sources shall be of the self- contained type or be enclosed by placement in a listed sign body or listed separate enclosure.
(A) Accessibility. Ballasts, transformers, electronic power supplies, and Class 2 power sources shall be located where accessible and shall be securely fastened in place.
(B) Location. Ballasts, transformers, electronic power supplies, and Class 2 power sources shall be installed as near to the lamps or ncon tubing as practicable to keep the secondary conductors as short as possible.
(C) Wet Location. Ballasts, transformers, electronic power supplies, and Class 2 power sources used in wet locations shall be of the weatherproof type or be of the outdoor type and protected from the weather by placement in a sign body or separate enclosure.
(D) Working Space. A working space at least 900 mm (3 ft) high x 900 mm (3 ft) wide x 900 mm (3 ft) decp shall be provi- ded at cach ballast, transformer, electronic power supply, and Class 2 power source or at its enclosure where not installed in a sign.
(E) Attic and Soffit Locations. Ballasts, transformers, clcc- tronic power supplies, and Class 2 power sources shall be permitted to be located in attics, and soffits, provided there is an access door at least 900 mm x 562.5 mm (36 in. x 221/2 in.) and a passageway of at least 900 mm (3 ft) high x 600 mm (2 ft) wide with a suitable permanent walkway at least 300 mm (12 in.) wide extending from the point of entry to cach compo- nent. At least one lighting outlet containing a switch or control- led by a wall switch shall be installed in such spaces. At least one point of control shall be at the usual point of entry to these spaces. The lighting outlet shall be provided at or near the equipment requiring servicing.
(F) Suspended Ceilings. Ballasts, transformers, electronic power supplies, and Class 2 power sources shall be permitted to be located above suspended ceilings, provided that their enclo- sures are securely fastened in place and not dependent on the suspended-ceiling grid for support. Ballasts, transformers, and electronic power supplies installed in suspended ceilings shall not be connected to the branch circuit by flexible cord.
600.22 Ballasts.
(A) Type. Ballasts shall be identified for the use and shall be listed.
(B) Thermal Protection. Ballasts shall be thermally protected. 600.23 Transformers and Electronic Power Supplies.
(A) Type. Transformers and electronic power supplies shall be iclentified for the use and shall be listed.
(B) Secondary-Circuit Ground-Fault Protection. Transformers and electronic power supplies other than the following shall have secondary-circuit ground-fault protection:
(1) Transformers with isolated ungrounded secondarics and with a maximum open circuit voltage of 7500 volts or less
(2) Transformers with integral porcelain or glass secondary housing for the neon tubing and requiring no field wiring of the secondary circuit
(C) Voltage. Secondary-circuit voltage shall not exceed 15,000 volts, nominal, under any load condition. The voltage to ground of any output terminals of the secondary circuit shall not exceed 7500 volts, under any load condition.
(D) Rating. Transformers and electronic power supplies shall have a secondary-circuit current rating of not more than 300 mA. ..
(E). Secondary Connections. Sccondary circuit outputs shall not be connected in parallel or in series.
(F) Marking. Transformers and electronic power supplies that are equipped with secondary-circuit ground-fault protection shall be so marked.
600.24 Class 2 Power Sources. Class 2 transformers, power supplies, and power sources shall comply with the require- ments of Class 2 circuits and 600.24(A), (B), (C), and (D).
(A) Listing. Class 2 power supplies and power sources shall be listed for use with electric signs and outline lighting systems or shall be a component in a listed electric sign.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductor. Metal parts of Class 2 power supplies and power sources shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
(C) Wiring Methods on the Supply Side of the Class 2 Power Supply. Conductors and equipment on the supply side of the power source shall be installed in accordance with the appro- priate requirements of Chapter 3.
(D) Secondary Wiring. Secondary wiring on the load side of a Class 2 power source shall comply with 600.12(C) and 600.33.
Part II. Field-Installed Skeleton Tubing, Outline Lighting, and Secondary Wiring
600.30 Applicability. Part II of this article shall apply to all of the following:
(1) Field-installed skeleton tubing
(2) Field-installed secondary circuits
(3) Outline lighting
(4) Field-installed retrofit kits
These requirements shall be in addition to the requirements of Part I.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-537
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
600.31
ARTICLE 600 -ELECTRIC SIGNS AND OUTLINE LIGHTING
600.31 Neon Secondary-Circuit Wiring, 1000 Volts or Less, Nominal.
(A) Wiring Method. Conductors shall be installed using any wiring method included in Chapter 3 suitable for the condi- tions.
(B) Insulation and Size. Conductors shall be listed, insulated, and not smaller than 18 AWG.
(C) Number of Conductors in Raceway. The number of conductors in a raceway shall be in accordance with Table 1 of Chapter 9.
(D) Installation. Conductors shall be installed so they are not subject to physical damage.
(E) Protection of Leads. Bushings shall be used to protect wires passing through an opening in metal.
600.32 Neon Secondary-Circuit Wiring, over 1000 Volts, Nomi- nal.
(A) Wiring Methods.
(1) Installation. Conductors shall be installed in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit, flexible metal conduit, liquidtight flexible metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, metal enclosures; on insulators in metal raceways; or in other equipment listed for use with neon secondary circuits over 1000 volts.
(2) Number of Conductors. Conduit or tubing shall contain only one conductor.
(3) Size. Conduit or tubing shall be a minimum of metric designator 16 (trade size 1/2).
(4) Spacing from Grounded Parts. Other than at the location of connection to a metal enclosure or sign body, nonmetallic conduit or flexible nonmetallic conduit shall comply with the following:
(1) Be spaced not less than 38 mm (11/2 in.) from grounded or bonded parts when the conduit contains a conductor operating at 100 Hz or less, or
(2) Be spaced not less than 45 mm (13/4 in.) from grounded or bonded parts when the conduit contains a conductor operating at more than 100 Hz
(5) Metal Building Parts. Metal parts of a building shall not be permitted as a secondary return conductor or an equipment grounding conductor.
(B) Insulation and Size. Conductors shall be insulated, listed as gas tube sign and ignition cable type GTO, rated for 5, 10, or 15 kV, not smaller than 18 AWG, and have a minimum temper- ature rating of 105 (221°F).
(C) Installation. Conductors shall be so installed that they are not subject to physical damage.
(D) Bends in Conductors. Sharp bends in insulated conduc- tors shall be avoided.
(E) Spacing. Secondary conductors shall be separated from cach other and from all objects other than insulators or ncon tubing by a spacing of not less than 38 mm (1)/g in.). GTO cable installed in metal conduit or tubing shall not require spacing between the cable insulation and the conduit or tubing.
(F) Insulators and Bushings. Insulators and bushings for conductors shall be listed for use with neon secondary circuits over 1000 volts.
(G) Conductors in Raceways. The insulation on all conductors shall extend not less than 65 mm (21/2 in.) beyond the metal conduit or tubing.
(H) Between Neon Tubing and Midpoint Return. Conductors shall be permitted to run between the ends of ncon tubing or to the secondary circuit midpoint return of listed transformers or listed electronic power supplies and provided with terminals or leads at the midpoint.
(I) Dwelling Occupancies. Equipment having an open circuit voltage exceeding 1000 volts shall not be installed in or on dwelling occupancies.
(J) Length of Secondary Circuit Conductors.
(1) Secondary Conductor to the First Electrode. The length of secondary circuit conductors from a high-voltage terminal or lead of a transformer or electronic power supply to the first ncon tube electrode shall not exceed the following:
(1) 6 m (20 ft) where installed in metal conduit or tubing
(2) 15 m (50 ft) where installed in nonmetallic conduit
(2) Other Secondary Circuit Conductors. All other sections of secondary circuit conductor in a ncon tube circuit shall be as short as practicable.
(K) Splices. Splices in high-voltage secondary circuit conduc- tors shall be made in listed enclosures rated over 1000 volts. Splice enclosures shall be accessible after installation and listed for the location where they are installed.
600.33 Class 2 Sign Illumination Systems, Secondary Wiring. The wiring methods and materials used shall be in accordance with the sign manufacturer's installation instructions using any applicable wiring methods from Chapter 3, Wiring Methods, or the requirements for Class 2 circuits contained in 600.12(C), 600.24, and 600.33(A), (B), (C), and (D).
(A) Insulation and Sizing of Class 2 Conductors. Class 2 cable listed for the application that complies with Table 600.33(A) (1) or Table 600.33(A) (2) for substitutions shall be installed on the load side of the Class 2 power source. The conductors shall have an ampacity not less than the load to be supplied and shall not be sized smaller than 18 AWG.
(1) General Use. CL2 or CL3, PLTC, or any listed applicable cable for general use shall be installed within and on buildings or structures.
(2) Other Building Locations. In other locations, any listed applicable cable permitted in 600.33(A)(1), (A)(2), (A) (3), and (A) (4) and Table 600.33(A)(1) and Table 600.33(A) (2) shall be permitted to be used as follows:
(1) CL2P or CL3P - Ducts, plenums, or other spaces used for environmental air
(2) CL2R or CL3R - Vertical shafts and risers
(3) Substitutions from Table 600.33(A) (2)
(3) Wet Locations. Class 2 cable used in a wet location shall be listed and marked suitable for use in a wet location.
70-538
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
600.41
ARTICLE 600 -ELECTRIC SIGNS AND OUTLINE LIGHTING
Table 600.33(A)(1) Applications of Power Limited Cable in Signs and Outline Lighting
Location
CL2
CL3
CL2R
CL3R
CL2P
CL3P
PLTC
Nonconcealed spaces inside buildings
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Concealed spaces inside buildings that are not used as plenums or risers
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Environmental air spaces plenums
N
N
Y
Y
Environmental air spaces risers
N
Y
Y
Y
Y
Wet locations
N
Y = Permitted. N = Not Permitted.
(4) Other Locations. Class 2 cable exposed to sunlight shall be listed and marked "sunlight resistant - suitable for outdoor use."
Exception: Listed PLTC not marked as sunlight resistant shall be permitted.
Informational Note: PLTC is tested for exposure to sunlight but might not be so marked.
(B) Installation. Secondary wiring shall be installed in accord- ance with 600.33 (B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Wiring shall be installed and supported in a neat and workmanlike manner. Cables and conductors installed exposed on the surface of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure in such a manner that the cable is not damaged by normal building usc. The cable shall be supported and secured at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft). Such cables shall be supported by straps, staples, hangers, cable tics, or similar fittings clesigned and installed so as not to damage the cable. The installation shall also comply with 300.4(D).
(2) Connections in cable and conductors shall be made with listed insulating devices and be accessible after installa- tion. Where made in a wall, connections shall be enclosed in a listed box.
(C) Protection Against Physical Damage. If subject to physical damage, the conductors shall be protected and installed in accordance with 300.4. All through-wall penetrations shall be protected by a listed bushing or raceway.
(D) Grounding and Bonding. Grounding and bonding shall be in accordance with 600.7.
600.34 Photovoltaic (PV) Powered Sign. All field wiring of components and subassemblies for an off-grid stand-alone, on- grid interactive, or non-grid interactive PV installation shall be installed in accordance with Article 690, as applicable, 600.34, and the PV powered sign installation instructions.
(A) Equipment. Inverters, motor generators, PV modules, PV panels, ac PV modules, de combiners, de-ac converters, and charge controllers intended for use in PV powered sign systems shall be listed for PV application.
(B) Wiring. Wiring from a photovoltaic panel or wiring exter- nal to the PV sign body shall be:
(1) Listed, labeled, and suitable for photovoltaic applications
(2) Routed to closely follow the sign body or enclosure
(3) As short as possible and secured at intervals not exceed- ing 0.91 m (3 ft)
(4) Protected where subject to physical damage
Table 600.33(A)(2) Class 2 Cable Substitutions
Cable Type
Permitted Substitutions
CL3P
CMP
CL2P
CMP, CL3P
CL3R
CMP, CL3P, CMR
CL2R
CMP, CL3P, CL2P, CMR, CL3R
CL3
CMP, CLSP, CMR, CL3R, CMG, CM, PLTC
CL2
CMP, CL3P, CL2P, CMR, CL3R, CL2R, CMG, CM, PLTC, CL3
CL3X CMP, CL3P, CMR, CL3R, CMG, CM, PLTC, CL3,
CMX
CL2X
CMP, CL3P, CL2P, CMR, CL3R, CL2R, CMG,
CM, PLTC, CL3, CL2, CMX,CL3X
PLIC
None
(C) Flexible Cords and Cables. Flexible cords and cables shall comply with Article 400 and be identified as extra hard usage, rated for outdoor use, and water and sunlight resistant.
(D) Grounding. Grounding a PV powered sign shall comply with Article 690, Part V and 600.7.
(E) Disconnecting Means. The disconnecting means for a PV powered sign shall comply with Article 690, Part III and 600.6.
(F) Battery Compartments. Battery compartments shall require a tool to open.
600.35 Retrofit Kits.
(A) General. A general-use or sign-specific retrofit kit for a sign or outline lighting system shall include installation instruc- tions and requirements for field conversion of a host sign. The retrofit kit shall be listed and labeled.
(B) Damaged Parts. All parts that are not replaced by a retro- fit kit shall be inspected for damage. Any part found to be damaged or damaged during conversion of the sign shall be replaced or repaired to maintain the sign or outline lighting system's dry, clamp, or wet location rating.
(C) Marking. The retrofitted sign shall be marked in accord- ance with 600.4(B).
600.41 Neon Tubing.
(A) Design. The length and design of the tubing shall not cause a continuous overcurrent beyond the design loading of the transformer or electronic power supply.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-539
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
N
N
N
Y
600.41
ARTICLE 604 - MANUFACTURED WIRING SYSTEMS
(B) Support. Tubing shall be supported by listed tube supports. The ncon tubing shall be supported within 150 mm (6 in.) from the electrode connection.
(C) Spacing. A spacing of not less than 6 mm (1/4 in.) shall be maintained between the tubing and the nearest surface, other than its support.
(D) Protection. Field-installed skeleton tubing shall not be subject to physical damage. Where the tubing is readily accessi- ble to other than qualified persons, field-installed skeleton tubing shall be provided with suitable guards or protected by other approved means.
600.42 Electrode Connections.
(A) Points of Transition. Where the high-voltage secondary circuit conductors emerge from the wiring methods specified in 600.32(A), they shall be enclosed in a listed assembly.
(B) Accessibility. Terminals of the electrode shall not be acces- sible to unqualified persons.
(C) Electrode Connections. Connections shall be made by usc of a connection device, twisting of the wires together, or use of an electrode receptacle. Connections shall be electrically and mechanically secure and shall be in an enclosure listed for the purposc.
(D) Support. Ncon secondary conductor(s) shall be suppor- ted not more than 150 mm (6 in.) from the electrode connec- tion to the tubing.
(E) Receptacles. Electrode receptacles shall be listed.
(F) Bushings. Where electrodes penetrate an enclosure, bush- ings listed for the purpose shall be used unless receptacles are provided.
(G) Wet Locations. A listed cap shall be used to close the opening between ncon tubing and a receptacle where the receptacle penetrates a building. Where a bushing or ncon tubing penetrates a building, the opening between ncon tubing and the bushing shall be scaled.
(H) Electrode Enclosures. Electrode enclosures shall be listed.
(1) Dry Locations. Electrode enclosures that are listed, labeled, and identified for use in dry, damp, or wet locations shall be permitted to be installed and used in such locations.
(2) Damp and Wet Locations. Electrode enclosures installed in clamp and wet locations shall be specifically listed, labeled, and identified for use in such locations.
Infonnational Note: See 110.3(B) covering installation and use of electrical equipment.
ARTICLE 604 Manufactured Wiring Systems
604.1 Scope. This article applies to field-installed wiring using off-site manufactured subassemblies for branch circuits, remote-control circuits, signaling circuits, and communications circuits in accessible arca.s.
604.6 Listing Requirements. Manufactured wiring systems and associated components shall be listed.
Infonnational Note: See ANSI/UL 183, Standard for Manufactur- ing Wiring Systems, the safety standard for manufactured wiring systems.
604.7 Installation. Manufactured wiring systems shall bc secured and supported in accordance with the applicable cable or conduit article for the cable or conduit type employed.
604.10 Uses Permitted. Manufactured wiring systems shall be permitted in accessible and dry locations and in ducts, plenums, and other air-handling spaces where listed for this application and installed in accordance with 300.22.
Exception No. 1: In concealed spaces, one end of tapped cable shall be permitted to extend into hollow walls for direct termination at switch and outlet points.
Exception No. 2: Manufactured wiring system assemblies installed outdoors shall be listed for use in outdoor locations.
604.12 Uses Not Permitted. Manufactured wiring system types shall not be permitted where limited by the applicable article in Chapter 3 for the wiring method used in its construction.
604.100 Construction.
(A) Cable, Conduit, and Tubing Types.
(1) Cables. Cable shall be listed Type AC cable or listed Typc MC cable containing nominal 600-volt, 8 AWG to 12 AWG insulated copper-clad aluminum or copper conductors.
Other cables as listed in 722.135, 800.113, and 830.179 shall be permitted in manufactured wiring systems for wiring of equipment within the scope of their respective articles.
(2) Conduits and Tubing. Conduit shall be listed flexible metal conduit (FMC), listed liquidtight flexible metal conduit (LFMC), liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC), or electrical metallic tubing (EMT) containing nominal 600-volt, 8 AWG to 12 AWG insulated copper-clad aluminum or copper conductors with a bare or insulated copper-clad aluminum or copper equipment grounding conductor equivalent in size to the ungrounded conductor.
Exception No. 1 to (1) and (2): A luminaire tap, no longer than 1.8 m (6 ft) and intended for connection to a single luminaire, shall be permitted to contain conductors smaller than 12 AWG but not smaller than 18 AWG.
Exception No. 2 to (1) and (2): Listed manufactured wiring assemblies containing conductors smaller than 12 AWG shall be permitted for remote-control, signaling, or communications circuits.
Exception No. 3 to (2): Listed manufactured wiring systems containing unlisted flexible metal conduit of noncircular cross section or trade sizes smaller than permitted by 348.20(A), or both, shall be permitted where the wiring systems are supplied with fittings and conductors at the time of manufacture.
(3) Flexible Cord. Flexible cord suitable for hard usage, with minimum 12 AWG conductors, shall be permitted as part of a listed factory-made assembly not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) in length when making a transition between components of a manufactured wiring system and utilization equipment not permanently secured to the building structure. The cord shall be visible for the entire length, shall not be subject to physical damage, and shall be provided with identified strain relief.
70-540
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
605.9
ARTICLE 605 - OFFICE FURNISHINGS
Exception: Listed electric-discharge luminaires that comply with 410.62(C) shall be permitted with conductors smaller than 12 AWG.
(4) Busways. Busways shall be listed continuous plug-in type containing factory-mounted, bare or insulated conductors, which shall be copper or aluminum bars, rods, or tubes. The busway shall be provided with an equipment ground. The busway shall be rated nominal 600 volts, 20, 30, or 40 amperes. Busways shall be installed in accordance with 368.12, 368.17(D), and 368.30.
(5) Raceway. Prewired, modular, surface-mounted raceways shall be listed for the use, rated nominal 600 volts, 20 amperes, and installed in accordance with 386.12, 386.30, 386.60, and 386.100.
(B) Marking. Each section shall be marked to identify the type of cable, flexible cord, or conduit.
(C) Receptacles and Connectors. Receptacles and connectors shall be of the locking type, uniquely polarized and identified for the purpose, and shall be part of a listed assembly for the appropriate system. All connector openings shall be designed to prevent inadvertent contact with live parts or capped to effectively close the connector openings.
(D) Other Component Parts. Other component parts shall be listed for the appropriate system.
ARTICLE 605 Office Furnishings
605.1 Scope.
(A) Covered. This article covers electrical equipment, lighting accessories, and wiring systems used to connect, contained within, or installed on office furnishings.
(B) Not Covered. This article does not apply to individual office furnishings not connected to a system, such as chairs, freestanding desks, tables, storage units, and shelving units.
605.3 General. Wiring systems shall be identified as suitable for providing power for lighting accessories and utilization cquipment used within office furnishings. A wired partition shall not extend from floor to ceiling.
Exception: Where permitted by the authority having jurisdiction, these relocatable wired partitions shall be permitted to extend to, but shall not penetrate, the ceiling.
605.4 Wireways. All conductors and connections shall be contained within wiring channels of metal or other material identified as suitable for the conditions of use. Wiring channels shall be free of projections or other conditions that might damage conductor insulation.
605.5 Office Furnishing Interconnections. The electrical connection between office furnishings shall be a flexible assem- bly identified for use with office furnishings or shall be permit- ted to be installed using flexible cord, provided that all the following conditions are met:
(1) The cord is extra-hard usage type with 12 AWG or larger conductors, with an insulated equipment grounding conductor.
(2) The office furnishings are mechanically contiguous.
(3) The cord is not longer than necessary for maximum posi- tioning of the office furnishing but is in no case to exceed 600 mm (2 ft).
(4) The cord is terminated at an attachment plug-and-cord connector with strain relief.
605.6 Lighting Accessories. Lighting equipment shall be listed, labeled, and identified for use with office furnishings and shall comply with 605.6(A), (B), and (C).
(A) Support. A means for secure attachment or support shall be provided.
(B) Connection. Where cord and plug connection is provided, it shall comply with all of the following:
(1) The cord length shall be suitable for the intended appli- cation but shall not exceed 2.7 m (9 ft) in length.
(2) The cord shall not be smaller than 18 AWG.
(3) The cord shall contain an equipment grounding conduc- tor, except as specified in 605.6(B) (4).
(4) Cords on the load side of a listed Class 2 power source shall not be required to contain an equipment grounding conductor.
(5) The cord shall be of the hard usage type, except as speci- fied in 605.6(B) (6).
(6) A cord provided on a listed Class 2 power source shall be of the type provided with the listed luminaire as.semblyor of the type specified in 725.130 and 725.127.
(7) Connection by other means shall be identified as suitable for the conditions of use.
(C) Receptacle Outlet. Receptacles shall not be permitted in lighting accessories.
605.7 Fixed-Type Office Furnishings. Office furnishings that are fixed (secured to building surfaces) shall be permanently connected to the building electrical system by one of the wiring methods of Chapter 3.
605.8 Freestanding-Type Office Furnishings. Office furnish- ings of the freestanding type (not fixed) shall be permitted to be connected to the building electrical system by one of the wiring methods of Chapter 3.
605.9 Freestanding-Type Office Furnishings, Cord- and Plug- Connected. Individual office furnishings of the freestanding type, or groups of individual office furnishings that are electri- cally connected, are mechanically contiguous, and do not cxcced 9.0 m (30 ft) when assembled, shall be permitted to be connected to the building electrical system by a single flexible cord and plug, provided that all of the conditions of 605.9(A) through (D) arc met.
(A) Flexible Power-Supply Cord. The flexible power supply cord shall be extra-hard usage type with 12 AWG or larger conductors, with an insulated equipment grounding conduc- tor, and shall not exceed 600 mm (2 ft) in length.
(B) Receptacle Supplying Power. The receptacle(s) supplying power shall be on a separate circuit serving only the office furnishing and no other loads and shall be located not more than 300 mm (12 in.) from the office furnishing that is connec- ted to it.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-541
605.9
ARTICLE 610 - CRANES AND HOISTS
(C) Receptacle, Maximum. An individual office furnishing or groups of interconnected individual office furnishings shall not contain more than 13 15-ampere, 125-volt receptacles. For purposes of this requirement, a receptacle is considered (1) up to two (simplex) receptacles provided within a single enclosure and that are within 0.3 m (1 ft) of cach other or (2) one duplex receptacle.
(D) Multiwire Circuits, Not Permitted. An individual office furnishing or groups of interconnected office furnishings shall not contain multiwire circuits.
Informational Note: See 210.4 for circuits supplying office furnishings in 605.7 and 605.8.
ARTICLE 610 Cranes and Hoists
Part I. General
610.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of electrical equipment and wiring used in connection with cranes, mono- rail hoists, hoists, and all runways.
Informational Note: See ASME B30, Safety Standards for Cable- ways, Cranes, Derricks, Hoists, Hooks, Jacks, and Slings, for further information.
610.3 Special Requirements for Particular Locations.
(A) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. All equipment that operates in a hazardous (classified) location shall conform to Article 500.
(1) Class I Locations. Equipment used in locations that are hazardous because of the presence of flammable gases or vapors shall conform to Article 501.
(2) Class II Locations. Equipment used in locations that are hazardous because of combustible dust shall conform to Arti- clc 502.
(3) Class III Locations. Equipment used in locations that arc hazardous because of the presence of easily ignitible fibers or flyings shall conform to Article 503.
(B) Combustible Materials. Where a crane, hoist, or monorail hoist operates over readily combustible material, the resistors shall be located as permitted in the following:
(1) A well ventilated cabinet composed of noncombustible material constructed so that it does not emit flames or molten metal
(2) A cage or cab constructed of noncombustible material that encloses the sides of the cage or cab from the floor to a point at least 150 mm (6 in.) above the top of the resistors
(C) Electrolytic Cell Lines. Scc 668.32.
Part II. Wiring
610.11 Wiring Method. Conductors shall be enclosed in race- ways or be Type AC cable with insulated equipment grounding
conductor, Type MC cable, or Type MI cable unless otherwise permitted or required in 610.11(A) through (E).
(A) Contact Conductor. Contact conductors shall not be required to be enclosed in raceways.
(B) Exposed Conductors. Short lengths of exposed conduc- tors at resistors, collectors, and other equipment shall not be required to be enclosed in raceways.
(C) Flexible Connections to Motors and Similar Equipment. Where flexible connections are necessary, flexible stranded conductors shall be used. Conductors shall be in flexible metal conduit, liquidtight flexible metal conduit, liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit, multiconductor cable, or an approved nonmetallic flexible raceway.
(D) Pushbutton Station Multiconductor Cable. Where multi- conductor cable is used with a suspended pushbutton station, the station shall be supported in some satisfactory manner that protects the electrical conductors against strain.
(E) Flexibility to Moving Parts. Where flexibility is required for power or control to moving parts, listed festoon cable or a cord suitable for the purpose shall be permitted, provided the following apply:
(1) Suitable strain relief and protection from physical damage is provided.
(2) In Class I, Division 2 locations, the cord is approved for extra-hard usage.
610.12 Raceway or Cable Terminal Fittings. Conductors Icav- ing raceways or cables shall comply with cither 610.12(A) or (B).
(A) Separately Bushed Hole. A box or terminal fitting that has a separately bushed hole for cach conductor shall be used wherever a change is made from a raceway or cable to exposed wiring. A fitting used for this purpose shall not contain taps or splices and shall not be used at luminaire outlets.
(B) Bushing in Lieu of a Box. A bushing shall be permitted to be used in lieu of a box at the end of a rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, or electrical metallic tubing where the raceway terminates at unenclosed controls or similar equip- ment, including contact conductors, collectors, resistors, brakes, power-circuit limit switches, and de split-frame motors.
610.13 Types of Conductors. Conductors shall comply with Table 310.4(1) unless otherwise permitted in 610.13(A) through (C).
(A) Exposed to External Heat or Connected to Resistors. A conductor(s) exposed to external heat or connected to resis- tors shall have a flame-resistant outer covering or be covered with flame-resistant tape individually or as a group.
(B) Contact Conductors. Contact conductors along runways, crane bridges, and monorails shall be permitted to be bare and shall be copper, aluminum, steel, or other alloys or combina- tions thereof in the form of hard-drawn wire, tees, angles, tec rails, or other stiff shapes.
(C) Flexibility. Where flexibility is required, listed flexible cord or cable, or listed festoon cable, shall be permitted to be used and, where necessary, cable reels or take-up devices shall be used.
70-542
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
610.14
ARTICLE 610 - CRANES AND HOISTS
610.14 Rating and Size of Conductors.
Informational Note: See 430.23 for the ampacities of conductors between controllers and resistors.
Table 610.14(A) Ampacities of Insulated Copper Conductors Used with Short-Time Rated Crane and Hoist Motors. Based on Ambient Temperature of 30 (86°F)
Maximum Operating Temperature
75° (167ºF)
90° (194°F)
125° (257ºF)
Maximum Operating Temperature
Size (AWG or kemil)
60 Min
30 Min
60 Min
30 Min
60 Min
30 Min
Size (AWG or kcmil)
16
10
12
-
16
14
25
26
31
32
38
40
14
12
30
33
36
40
45
50
12
10
40
43
49
52
60
65
10
8
55
60
63
69
73
80
8
6
76
86
83
94
101
119
6
4
100
117
I11
130
133
157
4
3
120
141
131
153
153
183
3
137
160
148
173
178
214
2
I
143
175
158
192
210
253
I
1/0
190
233
211
259
253
304
1/0
2/0
222
267
245
294
303
369
2/0
3/0
280
341
305
372
370
4.52
3/0
4/0
300
369
319
399
451
555
4/0
250
364
420
400
461
510
635
250
300
4.55
582
497
636
587
737
300
350
486
646
542
716
663
837
350
400
538
688
593
760
742
941
400
450
600
765
660
836
818
1042
450
500
660
847
726
914
896
1143
500
AMPACITY CORRECTION FACTORS
Ambient Temperature ()
For ambient temperatures other than 30 (86°F), multiply the ampacities shown above by the appropriate factor shown below.
Ambient Temperature (*F)
21-25
1.05
1.05
1.04
1.04
1.02
1.02
70-77
26-30
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
79-86
31-35
0.94
0.94
0.96
0.96
0.97
0.97
88-95
36-40
0.88
0.88
0.91
0.91
0.95
0.95
97-104
41-45
0.82
0.82
0.87
0.87
0.92
0.92
106-113
46-50
0.75
0.75
0.82
0.82
0.89
0.89
115-122
51-55
0.67
0.67
0.76
0.76
0.86
0.86
124-131
56-60
0.58
0.58
0.71
0.71
0.83
0.83
133-140
61-70
0.33
0.33
0.58
0.58
0.76
0.76
142-158
71-80
0.41
0.41
0.69
0.69
160-176
81-90
0.61
0.61
177-194
91-100
0.51
0.51
195-212
101-120
0.40
0.40
213-248
Note: Other insulations shown in Table 310.4(1) and approved for the temperature and location shall be pennitted to be substituted for those shown in Table 610.14(A). The allowable ampacities of conductors used with 15-minute motors shall be the 30-minute ratings increased by 12 percent. ' For 5 to 8 simultaneously energized power conductors in raceway or cable, the ampacity of each power conductor shall be reduced to a value of 80 percent of that shown in this table.
2 For 4 to 6 simultaneously energized 125° (257ºF) ac power conductors in raceway or cable, the ampacity of each power conductor shall be reduced to a value of80 percent of that shown in this table.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-543
85
95
95
106
115
134
Types MTW, RHW, THW, THWN, XHHW, USE, ZW
Types TA, TBS, SA, SIS, PFA, FEP, FEPB, RHH, THHN, XHHW, Z, ZW
Types FEP, FEPB, PFA, PFAH, SA, TFE, Z, ZW
Up to Four Simultaneously Energized Conductors in Raceway or Cable'
Up to Three ac2 or Four de' Simultaneously Energized Conductors in Raceway or Cable
(A) Ampacity. The ampacities of conductors shall be as shown in Table 610.14(A).
610.14
ARTICLE 610 - CRANES AND HOISTS
(B) Secondary Resistor Conductors. Where the secondary resistor is separate from the controller, the minimum size of the conductors between controller and resistor shall be calcula- ted by multiplying the motor secondary current by the appro- priate factor from Table 610.14(B) and selecting a wire from Table 610.14(A).
(C) Minimum Size. Conductors external to motors and controls shall be not smaller than 16 AWG unless otherwise permitted in either of the following:
(1) 18 AWG wire in multiconductor cord shall be permitted for control circuits not exceeding 7 amperes.
(2) Wires not smaller than 20 AWG shall be permitted for electronic circuits.
(D) Contact Conductors. Contact wires shall have an ampacity not less than that required by Table 610.14(A) for 75 (167ºF) wirc, and in no case shall they be smaller than as shown in Table 610.14(D).
(E) Calculation of Motor Load.
(1) Single Motor. For one motor, 100 percent of motor name- plate full-load ampere rating shall be used.
(2) Multiple Motors on Single Crane or Hoist. For multiple motors on a single crane or hoist, the minimum ampacity of the power supply conductors shall be the nameplate full-load ampere rating of the largest motor or group of motors for any single crane motion, plus 50 percent of the nameplate full-load ampere rating of the next largest motor or group of motors, using that column of Table 610.14(A) that applies to the longest time-rated motor.
(3) Multiple Cranes or Hoists on a Common Conductor System. For multiple cranes, hoists, or both, supplied by a common conductor system, calculate the motor minimum ampacity shall be calculated for cach crane as defined in 610.14(E), added them together, and the sum multiplied by the appropriate demand factor from Table 610.14(E) (3).
Table 610.14(B) Secondary Conductor Rating Factors
Time in Seconds
On
Off
Ampacity of Wire in Percent of Full-Load Secondary Current
5
75
35
10
70
45
15
75
55
15
45
65
15
30
75
15
15
85
Continuous Duty
110
Table 610.14(D) Minimum Contact Conductor Size Based on Distance Between Supports
Minimum Size of Wire (AWG)
Maximum Distance Between End Strain Insulators or Clamp-Type Intermediate Supports
642
9.0 m (30 ft) or less
18 m (60 ft) or less
Over 18 m (60 ft)
Table 610.14(E)(3) Demand Factors
Number of Cranes or Hoists
Demand Factor
2
0.95
0.91
0.87
5
0.84
6
0.81
7
0.78
(F) Other Loads. Additional loads, such as heating, lighting, and air conditioning, shall be provided for by application of the appropriate sections of this Code.
(G) Nameplate. Each cranc, monorail, or hoist shall be provi- ded with a visible nameplate marked with the manufacturer's name, rating in volts, frequency, number of phases, and circuit amperes as calculated in 610.14(E) and (F).
610.15 Common Return. Where a crane or hoist is operated by more than one motor, a common-return conductor of proper ampacity shall be permitted.
Part III. Contact Conductors
610.21 Installation of Contact Conductors. Contact conduc- tors shall comply with 610.21 (A) through (H).
(A) Locating or Guarding Contact Conductors. Runway contact conductors shall be guarded, and bridge contact conductors shall be located or guarded in such a manner that persons cannot inadvertently touch energized current-carrying parts.
(B) Contact Wires. Wires that are used as contact conductors shall be secured at the ends by means of approved strain insula- tors and shall be mounted on approved insulators so that the extreme limit of displacement of the wire does not bring the latter within less than 38 mm (11/2 in.) from the surface wired over.
(C) Supports Along Runways. Main contact conductors carried along runways shall be supported on insulating supports placed at intervals not exceeding 6.0 m (20 ft) unless otherwise permitted in 610.21 (F).
Such conductors shall be separated at not less than 150 mm (6 in.), other than for monorail hoists where a spacing of not less than 75 mm (3 in.) shall be permitted. Where necessary, intervals between insulating supports shall be permitted to be increased up to 12 m (40 ft), the separation between conduc- tors being increased proportionately.
(D) Supports on Bridges. Bridge wire contact conductors shall be kept at least 65 mm (2/2 in.) apart, and, where the span exceeds 25 m (80 ft), insulating saddles shall be placed at inter- vals not exceeding 15 m (50 ft).
(E) Supports for Rigid Conductors. Conductors along runways and crane bridges, that are of the rigid type specified in 610.13(B) and not contained within an approved enclosed assembly, shall be carried on insulating supports spaced at intervals of not more than 80 times the vertical dimension of the conductor, but in no case greater than 4.5 m (15 ft), and spaced apart sufficiently to give a clear electrical separation of
70-544
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 610 - CRANES AND HOISTS
610.42
conductors or adjacent collectors of not less than 25 mm (1 in.).
(F) Track as Circuit Conductor. Monorail, tram rail, or cranc runway tracks shall be permitted as a conductor of current for one phase of a 3-phase, ac system furnishing power to the carrier, crane, or trolley, provided all of the following condi- tions are met:
(1) The conductors supplying the other two phases of the power supply arc insulated.
(2) The power for all phases is obtained from an insulating transformer.
(3) The voltage does not exceed 300 volts.
(4) The rail serving as a conductor shall be bonded to the equipment grounding conductor at the transformer and also shall be permitted to be grounded by the fittings used for the suspension or attachment of the rail to a building or structurc.
(G) Electrical Continuity of Contact Conductors. All sections of contact conductors shall be mechanically joined to provide a continuous electrical connection.
(H) Not to Supply Other Equipment. Contact conductors shall not be used as feeders for any equipment other than the cranc(s) or hoist(s) that they are primarily designed to serve.
610.22 Collectors. Collectors shall be designed so as to reduce to a minimum sparking between them and the contact conduc- tor; and, where operated in rooms used for the storage of casily ignitible combustible fibers and materials, they shall comply with 503.155.
Part IV. Disconnecting Means
610.31 Runway Conductor Disconnecting Means. A discon- necting means that has a continuous ampere rating not less than that calculated in 610.14(E) and (F) shall be provided between the runway contact conductors and the power supply. The disconnecting means shall comply with 430.109. This disconnecting means shall be as follows:
(1) Readily accessible and operable from the ground or floor level
(2) Lockable open in accordance with 110.25
(3) Open all ungrounded conductors simultaneously
(4) Placed within view of the runway contact conductors
Exception: The runway conductor disconnecting means for electrolytic cell lines shall be permitted to be placed out of view of the runway contact conductors where either of the following conditions are met:
(1) Where a location in view of the contact conductors is impractica- ble or introduces additional or increased hazards to persons or property
(2) In industrial installations, with written safety procedures, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the equipment
610.32 Disconnecting Means for Cranes and Monorail Hoists. A disconnecting means in compliance with 430.109 shall be provided in the leads from the runway contact conductors or other power supply on all cranes and monorail hoists. The disconnecting means shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
Where a monorail hoist or hand-propelled crane bridge installation meets all of the following, the disconnecting means shall be permitted to be omitted:
(1) The unit is controlled from the ground or floor level.
(2) The unit is within view of the power supply disconnecting mcans.
(3) No fixed work platform has been provided for servicing the unit.
.Vicans shall be provided at the operating station to open the power circuit to all motors of the crane or monorail hoist.
610.33 Rating of Disconnecting Means. The continuous ampere rating of the switch or circuit breaker required by 610.32 shall not be less than 50 percent of the combined short- time ampere rating of the motors or less than 75 percent of the sum of the short-time ampere rating of the motors required for any single motion.
Part V. Overcurrent Protection
610.41 Feeders, Runway Conductors.
(A) Single Feeder. The runway supply conductors and main contact conductors of a crane or monorail shall be protected by an overcurrent device(s) that shall not be greater than the largest rating or setting of any branch-circuit protective device plus the sum of the nameplate ratings of all the other loads with application of the demand factors from Table 610.14(E) (3).
(B) More Than One Feeder Circuit. Where more than one feeder circuit is installed to supply runway conductors, cach feeder circuit shall be sized and protected in compliance with 610.41 (A).
610.42 Branch-Circuit Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protec- tion. Branch circuits shall be protected in accordance with 610.42(A). Branch-circuit taps, where made, shall comply with 610.42(B).
(A) Fuse or Circuit Breaker Rating. Cranc, hoist, and mono- rail hoist motor branch circuits shall be protected by fuses or inverse-time circuit breakers that have a rating in accordance with Table 430.52(C) (1). Where two or more motors operate a single motion, the sum of their nameplate current ratings shall be considered as that of a single motor.
(B) Taps.
(1) Multiple Motors. Where two or more motors are connec- ted to the same branch circuit, cach tap conductor to an indi- vidual motor shall have an ampacity not less than one-third that of the branch circuit. Each motor shall be protected from over- load according to 610.43.
(2) Control Circuits. Where taps to control circuits originate on the load side of a branch-circuit protective device, cach tap and piece of equipment shall be protected in accordance with 430.72.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-545
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
610.43
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
610.43 Overload Protection.
(A) Motor and Branch-Circuit Overload Protection. Each motor, motor controller, and branch-circuit conductor shall be protected from overload by one of the following means:
(1) A single motor shall be considered as protected where the branch-circuit overcurrent device meets the rating requirements of 610.42.
(2) Overload relay clements in cach ungrounded circuit conductor, with all relay clements protected from short circuit by the branch-circuit protection.
(3) Thermal sensing devices, sensitive to motor temperature or to temperature and current, that are thermally in contact with the motor winding(s). Hoist functions shall be considered to be protected if the sensing device limits the hoist to lowering only during an overload condition. Traverse functions shall be considered to be protected if the sensing device limits the travel in both directions for the affected function during an overload condition of cither motor.
(B) Manually Controlled Motor. If the motor is manually controlled, with spring return controls, the overload protective device shall not be required to protect the motor against stalled rotor conditions.
(C) Multimotor. Where two or more motors drive a single trol- ley, truck, or bridge and are controlled as a unit and protected by a single set of overload devices with a rating cqual to the sum of their rated full-load currents, a hoist or trolley shall be considered to be protected if the sensing device is connected in the hoist's upper limit switch circuit so as to prevent further hoisting during an overtemperature condition of either motor.
(D) Hoists and Monorail Hoists. Hoists and monorail hoists and their trolleys that are not used as part of an overhead trav- cling crane shall not require individual motor overload protec- tion, provided the largest motor does not exceed 71/2 hp and all motors are under manual control of the operator.
Part VI. Control
610.51 Separate Controllers. Each motor shall be provided with an individual controller unless otherwise permitted in 610.51(A) or (B).
(A) Motions with More Than One Motor. Where two or more motors drive a single hoist, carriage, truck, or bridge, they shall be permitted to be controlled by a single controller.
(B) Multiple Motion Controller. One controller shall be permitted to be switched between motors, under the following conditions:
(1) The controller has a horsepower rating that is not lower than the horsepower rating of the largest motor.
(2) Only one motor is operated at one time.
610.53 Overcurrent Protection. Conductors of control circuits shall be protected against overcurrent. Control circuits shall be considered as protected by overcurrent devices that are rated or set at not more than 300 percent of the ampacity of the control conductors, unless otherwise permitted in 610.53(A) or (B).
(A) Taps to Control Transformers. Taps to control transform- crs shall be considered as protected where the secondary
circuit is protected by a device rated or set at not more than 200 percent of the rated secondary current of the transformer and not more than 200 percent of the ampacity of the control circuit conductors.
(B) Continuity of Power. Where the opening of the control circuit would create a hazard, as for example, the control circuit of a hot metal crane, the control circuit conductors shall be considered as being properly protected by the branch- circuit overcurrent devices.
610.57 Clearance. The dimension of the working space in the direction of access to live parts that are likely to require exami- nation, adjustment, servicing, or maintenance while energized shall be a minimum of 750 mm (21/2 ft). Where controls arc enclosed in cabinets, the door(s) shall cither open at least 90 degrees or be removable.
Part VII. Grounding and Bonding
610.61 Grounding and Bonding. All exposed non-current- carrying metal parts of cranes, monorail hoists, hoists, and accessories, including pendant controls, shall be bonded either by mechanical connections or bonding jumpers, where applica- ble, so that the entire crane or hoist is an effective ground-fault current path by connection to the equipment grounding conductor of the branch circuit or feeder as required or permitted by Article 250, Parts I, V, VI, and VII.
Moving parts, other than removable accessories, or attach- ments that have metal-to-metal bearing surfaces, shall be considered to be electrically bonded to cach other through bcaring surfaces for the purpose of establishing an effective ground-fault current path. The trolley frame and bridge frame shall not be considered as electrically bonded through the bridge and trolley wheels and its respective tracks. A separate bonding conductor shall be provided.
ARTICLE 620 Elevators, Dumbwaiters, Escalators, Moving Walks, Platform Lifts, and Stairway Chairlifts
Part I. General
620.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of electrical equipment and wiring used in connection with elevators, dumbwaiters, escalators, moving walks, platform lifts, and stair- way chairlifts.
Informational Note No. 1: See ASME A17.1/CSA B44, Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators, for information on the installa- tion of elevators and escalators.
Informational Note No. 2: See CSA B44.1/ASME A17.5, Elevator and escalator electrical equipment, for information on elevator and escalator electrical equipment.
Informational Note No. 3: See ASME A18.1, Safety Standard for Platform Lifts and Stairway Chairlifts, for information on installa- tion of platform lifts and stairway chairlifts. The term wheelchair lift has heen changed to platform lift.
70-546
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
620.5
Informational Note No. 4: The motor controller, motion controller, and operation controller are located in a single enclosure or a combination of enclosures.
Informational Note No. 5: See Informational Note Figure 620.1 for infonnation only.
620.3 Voltage Limitations. The supply voltage shall not exceed 300 volts between conductors unless otherwise permitted in 620.3(A) through (C).
(A) Power Circuits. Branch circuits to door operator control- lers and door motors and branch circuits and feeders to motor controllers, driving machine motors, machine brakes, and motor-generator sets shall not have a circuit voltage in excess of 1000 volts. Internal voltages of power conversion equipment and functionally associated equipment, and the operating voltages of wiring interconnecting the equipment, shall be permitted to be higher, provided that all such equipment and wiring shall be listed for the higher voltages. Where the voltage exceeds 600 volts, warning labels or signs that read "DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE" shall be attached to the equipment and shall be plainly visible. The danger sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(B) Lighting Circuits. Lighting circuits shall comply with the requirements of Article 410.
(C) Heating and Air-Conditioning Circuits. Branch circuits for heating and air-conditioning equipment located on the eleva- tor car shall not have a circuit voltage in excess of 1000 volts.
620.4 Live Parts Enclosed. All live parts of electrical apparatus in the hoistways, at the landings, in or on the cars of elevators and clumbwaiters, in the wellways or the landings of escalators or moving walks, or in the runways and machinery spaces of platform lifts and stairway chairlifts shall be enclosed to protect against accidental contact.
Informational Note: See 110.27 for guarding of live parts (1000 volts, nominal, or less).
620.5 Working Clearances. Working space shall be provided about controllers, disconnecting means, and other electrical equipment in accordance with 110.26(A).
Where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons examine, adjust, service, and main- tain the equipment, the clearance requirements of 110.26(A) shall not be required where any of the conditions in 620.5(A) through (D) are met.
(A) Flexible Connections to Equipment. Electrical equipment in the following is provided with flexible leads to all external connections so that it can be repositioned to meet the clear working space requirements of 110.26:
(1) Controllers and disconnecting means for clumbwaiters, escalators, moving walks, platform lifts, and stairway chair- lifts installed in the same space with the driving machine
(2) Controllers and disconnecting means for elevators instal- led in the hoistway or on the car
(3) Controllers for door operators
(4) Other electrical equipment installed in the hoistway or on the car
(B) Guards. Live parts of the electrical equipment are suitably guarded, isolated, or insulated to reduce the likelihood of inad- vertent contact with live parts operating at voltages greater than 30 volts ac rins, 42 volts ac peak, or 60 volts clc, and the cquip- ment can be examined, adjusted, serviced, or maintained while energized without removal of this protection.
(C) Examination, Adjusting, and Servicing. Electrical cquip- ment is not required to be examined, adjusted, serviced, or maintained while energized.
Motion control
Position and speed-sensing devices
Operation control
Motor controller
Position
Power converter
Car operation control
Dictation
Dictation
. ac motor control
! Open
. Operating device interface
Run/stop
· Fixture interface
Direction
. Brake control . Motor field control
stop Status
-
. dc motor control
power
· Motor · Hydro piston
. Load weighing dispatch
Auto/manual
. Stop control . Direction . Auto/manual
. Hydraulic valve control
. Load weighing
Car and group operating
Car + operation control
Electrical protective devices
Starter
Group operation control
· Wye-delta
Car and group signal fixtures
. Hall call assignment
. Operating device interface
. Fixture interface
Input power/standby power
Informational Note Figure 620.1 Control System.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-547
. Car assignment
Dictation control
. Pattern generator
Emergency
Machine
Moving member
Door operator Close
. Across the line
. Resistance
620.5
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
(D) Low Voltage. Uninsulated parts are at a voltage not greater than 30 volts rms, 42 volts peak, or 60 volts dc.
620.6 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Person- nel.
(A) Pits, Hoistways, and on Cars. Each 125-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere receptacle installed in pits, in hoistways, on the cars of elevators and dumbwaiters associated with wind turbine tower elevators, on the platforms or in the runways and machinery spaces of platform lifts and stairway chairlifts, and in escalator and moving walk wellways shall be a listed Class A ground-fault circuit-interrupter type.
(B) Machine Rooms, Control Spaces, Machinery Spaces, Control Rooms, and Truss Interiors. All 125-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20-ampere receptacles installed in machine rooms, control spaces, machinery spaces, control rooms, and truss interiors shall have listed Class A ground-fault circuit- interrupter protection for personnel.
(C) Sump Pumps. A permanently installed sump pump shall be permanently wired or shall be supplied by a receptacle that is protected by a listed Class A ground-fault circuit-interrupter.
Part II. Conductors
620.11 Insulation of Conductors. The insulation of conduc- tors shall comply with 620.11 (A) through (D).
Informational Note: See U'L 2556-2015, Wire and Cable Test Meth- ods, for one method of determining that the insulation of conductors is flame retardant by testing the conductors or cables to the FV-2/VW-1 Test.
(A) Hoistway Door Interlock Wiring. The conductors to the hoistway door interlocks from the hoistway riser shall be one of the following:
(1) Flame retardant and suitable for a temperature of not less than 200° (392ºF). Conductors shall be Type SF or equivalent.
(2) Physically protected using an approved method, such that the conductor assembly is flame retardant and suitable for a temperature of not less than 200 (392ºF).
(B) Traveling Cables. Traveling cables used as flexible connec- tions between the elevator or dumbwaiter car or counterweight and the raceway shall be of the types of elevator cable listed in Table 400.4 or other approved types.
(C) Other Wiring. All conductors in raceways shall have flame- retardant insulation.
Conductors shall be Type MTW, TF, TFF, TFN, TFFN, THHN, THW, THWN, TW, XHHW, hoistway cable, or any other conductor with insulation designated as flame retardant. Shielded conductors shall be permitted if such conductors are insulated for the maximum nominal circuit voltage applied to any conductor within the cable or raceway system.
(D) Insulation. All conductors shall have an insulation voltage rating cqual to at least the maximum nominal circuit voltage applied to any conductor within the enclosure, cable, or race- way. Insulations and outer coverings that are marked for limi- ted smoke and are so listed shall be permitted.
620.12 Minimum Size of Conductors. The minimum size of conductors, other than conductors that form an integral part
of control equipment, shall be in accordance with 620.12(A) and (B).
(A) Traveling Cables.
(1) Lighting Circuits. For lighting circuits, 14 AWG copper, 20 AWG copper or larger conductors shall be permitted in parallel, provided the ampacity is equivalent to at least that of 14 AWG copper.
(2) Class 2 and Communications Circuits. Communications cables used for Class 2 or communications circuits shall have a current limit equal to or greater than the current required to power the powered Class 2 or communications device. Commu- nications cables shall comply with 800.179. The minimum conductor size for communications circuits shall be 24 AWG.
(3) Other Circuits. For other circuits, the minimum size conductor shall be 20 AWG copper.
(4) Paralleled Conductors. Where ampacity requirements or voltage drop conditions in a traveling cable circuit prevent the use of a single conductor of AWG 14 or smaller, conductors shall be permitted in parallel in compliance with all the follow- ing:
(1) Each conductor shall be no smaller than 20 AWG copper.
(2) The paralleled conductors shall be the same type and have the same ampacity rating.
(3) No more than 3 conductors shall be paralleled.
(4) The overcurrent protection shall be such that the ampac- ity of cach individual conductor will not be exceeded if one of the parallel conductors becomes inadvertently disconnected.
(B) Other Wiring. 24 AWG copper. Smaller size listed conduc- tors shall be permitted.
620.13 Feeder and Branch-Circuit Conductors. Conductors shall have an ampacity in accordance with 620.13(A) through (D). With generator field control, the conductor ampacity shall be based on the nameplate current rating of the driving motor of the motor-generator set that supplies power to the elevator motor.
Informational Note No. 1: The heating of conductors depends on root-mean-square current values, which, with generator field control, are reflected by the nameplate current rating of the motor-generator driving motor rather than by the rating of the elevator motor, which represents actual but short-time and inter- mittent full-load current values.
Informational Note No. 2: See Infonnational Note Figure 620.13.
(A) Conductors Supplying Single Motor. Conductors supply- ing a single motor shall have an ampacity not less than the percentage of motor nameplate current determined from 430.22(A) and (E).
Informational Note: Some elevator motor currents, or those motor currents of similar function, exceed the motor nameplate value. Heating of the motor and conductors is dependent on the root-mean square (rms) current value and the length of operation time. Because this motor application is inherently intermittent duty, conductors are sized for duty cycle service as shown in Table 430.22(E).
(B) Conductors Supplying a Single Motor Controller. Conduc- tors supplying a single motor controller shall have an ampacity not less than the motor controller nameplate current rating, plus all other connected loads. Motor controller nameplate
70-548
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
620.21
To supply
Common feeder
620.13
Feeder demand factor
620.14
Motor feeder short- circuit and ground- fault protection
620.61(C)
Disconnecting means
620.51
Motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection
620.61(D)
Branch-circuit conductors
620.13
External transformer (optional)
Article 450
Motor controller
620.13, 620.15
Motor control circuits
620.61(A)
Overload protection for motors
620.61(B)
Motor conductors
620.13
Motor
Article 430, Part I
Thermal protection
M
Article 430, Part III
Informational Note Figure 620.13 Single-Line Diagram.
current ratings shall be permitted to be derived based on the rms value of the motor current using an intermittent duty cycle and other control system loads, if present.
(C) Conductors Supplying a Single Power Transformer. Conductors supplying a single power transformer shall have an ampacity not less than the nameplate current rating of the power transformer plus all other connected loads.
Informational Note No. 1: The nameplate current rating of a power transformer supplying a motor controller reflects the nameplate current rating of the motor controller at line voltage (transformer primary).
Informational Note No. 2: See Informative Annex D, Example No. D10.
(D) Conductors Supplying More Than One Motor, Motor Controller, or Power Transformer. Conductors supplying more than one motor, motor controller, or power transformer shall have an ampacity not less than the sum of the nameplate current ratings of the equipment plus all other connected loads. The ampere ratings of motors to be used in the summa- tion shall be determined from Table 430.22(E), 430.24, and 430.24, Exception No. 1.
Informational Note: See Informative Annex D, Example Nos. D9 and D10.
620.14 Feeder Demand Factor. Feeder conductors of less ampacity than required by 620.13 shall be permitted, subject to the requirements of Table 620.14.
620.15 Motor Controller Rating. The motor controller rating shall comply with 430.83. The rating shall be permitted to be less than the nominal rating of the elevator motor, when the controller inherently limits the available power to the motor and is marked as power limited.
Informational Note: See 430.8 for controller markings.
620.16 Short-Circuit Current Rating.
(A) Marking. Where an elevator control panel is installed, it shall be marked with its short-circuit current rating, based on one of the following:
(1) Short-circuit current rating of a listed assembly
(2) Short-circuit current rating established utilizing an approved method
Informational Note: UL 508A-2013, Standard for Industrial Control Panels, Supplement SB, is an example of an approved method.
(B) Installation. The elevator control panel shall not be instal- led where the available fault current exceeds its short-circuit current rating, as marked in accordance with 620.16(A).
Part III. Wiring
620.21 Wiring Methods. Conductors, cables, and optical fiber cables located in hoistways, escalator and moving walk wellways, platform lifts, stairway chairlift runways, machinery spaces, control spaces, in or on cars, machine rooms, and control rooms, not including the traveling cables connecting the car or counterweight and hoistway wiring, shall be installed in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, rigid nonmetallic conduit, or wircways, or shall be Type MC, MI, or AC cable unless otherwise permitted in 620.21 (A) through (C). Unused conductors in an enclosure shall be insu- lated or protected from accidental contact with exposed live parts.
Exception: Cords and cables of listed cord-and-plug-connected equip- ment shall not be required to be installed in a raceway.
Informational Note: When an elevator is classified as a fire serv- ice access elevator or occupant evacuation operation elevator, some building codes require additional protection for conduc-
Table 620.14 Feeder Demand Factors for Elevators
Number of Elevators on a Single Feeder
Demand Factor*
1
1.00
0.95
3
0.90
4
0.85
5
0.82
6
0.79
7
0.77
8
0.75
9
0.73
10 or more
0.72
* Demand factors are based on 50 percent duty cycle (i.e., half time on and half time off).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-549
620.21
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
tors that are located outside of the elevator hoistway and machine room.
(A) Elevators.
(1) Hoistways and Pits.
(a) Typcs CL2P, CL2R, and CL2 cables shall be permit- ted, provided the cables are supported and protected from physical damage. Substitute cables for Class 2 cables installed in accordance with 722.135(E) shall be permitted.
(b) Flexible cords and cables that are components of listed equipment and used in circuits operating at 30 volts rms or less or 42 volts de or less shall be permitted, provided the cords and cables are supported and protected from physical damage and are of a jacketed and flame-retardant type.
(c) The following wiring methods shall be permitted in the hoistway in lengths not to exceed 1.8 m (6 ft):
(1) Flexible metal conduit.
(2) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit.
(3) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit.
(4) Flexible cords and cables, or conductors grouped together and taped or corded, shall be permitted to be installed without a raceway. They shall be located to be protected from physical damage, shall be of a flame- retardant type, and shall be part of one of the following:
a. Listed equipment
b. Driving machine
c. Driving machine brake
Exception to 620.21(A)(1)(c)(1), (A)(1)(c)(2), and (A)(1)(c) (3): The conduit length shall not be required to be limited between risers and limit switches, interlocks, operating buttons, and simi- lar devires.
(d) A sump pump or oil recovery pump located in the pit shall be permitted to be cord connected. The cord shall be a hard usage oil-resistant type, of a length not to exceed 1.8 m (6 ft), and shall be located to be protected from physical damage.
(c) Hard-service cords and junior hard-service cords that conform to the requirements of Article 400 (Table 400.4) shall be permitted as flexible connections between the fixed wiring in the hoistway and hoistway access switches when located in the hoistway door sight guard.
Informational Note: Sec ASME A17.1-2019/CSA B44-19, Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators.
(2) Cars.
(a) Flexible metal conduit, liquidtight flexible metal conduit, or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit of metric designator 12 (trade size 3/%), or larger, not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) in length, shall be permitted on cars where so located as to be free from oil and if securely fastened in place.
Exception: Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC-B) of metric designator 12 (trade size 3/s) or larger shall be permitted in lengths in excess of 1.8 m (6 ft).
(b) Hard-service cords and junior hard-service cords that conform to the requirements of Article 400 (Table 400.4) shall be permitted as flexible connections between the fixed wiring on the car and devices on the car doors or gates. Hard-service cords only shall be permitted as flexible connections for the top-of-car operating device or the car-top work light. Devices or luminaires shall be grounded by means of an equipment grounding conductor run with the circuit conductors. Cables with smaller conductors and other types and thicknesses of
insulation and jackets shall be permitted as flexible connec- tions between the fixed wiring on the car and devices on the car doors or gates, if listed for this usc.
(c) Flexible cords and cables that are components of listed equipment and used in circuits operating at 30 volts rms or less or 42 volts de or less shall be permitted, provided the cords and cables are supported and protected from physical damage and arc of a jacketed and flame-retardant typc.
(d) The following wiring methods shall be permitted on the car assemblyin lengths not to exceed 1.8 m (6 ft):
(1) Flexible metal conduit
(2) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit
(3) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit
(4) Flexible cords and cables, or conductors grouped together and taped or corded, shall be permitted to be installed without a raceway. They shall be located to be protected from physical damage and shall be of a flame- retardant type and shall be part of one of the following:
a. Listed equipment
b. A driving machinc
c. A driving machine brake
(3) Within Machine Rooms, Control Rooms, and Machinery Spaces and Control Spaces.
(a) Flexible metal conduit, liquidtight flexible metal conduit, or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit of metric designator 12 (trade size 3/%), or larger, not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) in length, shall be permitted between control panels and machine motors, machine brakes, motor-generator sets, discon- necting means, and pumping unit motors and valves.
Exception: Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC-B) metric designator 12 (trade size 3/8) or larger shall be permitted to be installed in lengths in excess of 1.8 m (6 ft).
(b) Where motor-generators, machine motors, or pump- ing unit motors and valves are located adjacent to or under- neath control equipment and are provided with extra-length terminal leads not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) in length, such leads shall be permitted to be extended to connect directly to controller terminal studs without regard to the carrying- capacity requirements of Articles 430 and 445. Auxiliary gutters shall be permitted in machine and control rooms between controllers, starters, and similar apparatus.
(c) Flexible cords and cables that are components of listed equipment and used in circuits operating at 30 volts rms or less or 42 volts de or less shall be permitted, provided the cords and cables are supported and protected from physical damage and are of a jacketed and flame-retardant type.
(d) On existing or listed equipment, conductors shall also be permitted to be grouped together and taped or corded without being installed in a raceway. Such cable groups shall be supported at intervals not over 900 mm (3 ft) and located so as to be protected from physical damage.
(c) Flexible cords and cables in lengths not to exceed 1.8 m (6 ft) that arc of a flame-retardant type and located to be protected from physical damage shall be permitted in these rooms and spaces without being installed in a raceway. They shall be part of one of the following:
(1) Listed equipment
(2) A driving machine
(3) A driving machine brake
70-550
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
620.24
ARTICLE 620 -ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
(4) Counterweight. The following wiring methods shall be permitted on the counterweight assembly in lengths not to cxcced 1.8 m (6 ft):
(1) Flexible metal conduit
(2) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit
(3) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit
(4) Flexible cords and cables, or conductors grouped together and taped or corded, shall be permitted to be installed without a raceway. They shall be located to be protected from physical damage, shall be of a flame- retardant type, and shall be part of one of the following:
a. Listed equipment
b. A driving machine
c. A driving machine brake
(B) Escalators.
(1) Wiring Methods. Flexible metal conduit, liquidtight flexi- ble metal conduit, or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit shall be permitted in escalator and moving walk wellways. Flexi- ble metal conduit or liquidtight flexible conduit of metric designator 12 (trade size 3/g) shall be permitted in lengths not in excess of 1.8 m (6 ft).
Exception: Metric designator 12 (trade size 3/s), nominal or larger liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC-B) shall be permitted to be installed in lengths in excess of 1.8 m (6 ft).
(2) Class 2 Circuit Cables. Typcs CL2P, CL2R, and CL2 cables shall be permitted to be installed within escalators and moving walkways, provided the cables are supported and protected from physical damage. Substitute cables for Class 2 cables installed in accordance with 722.135(E) shall be permitted.
(3) Flexible Cords. Hard-service cords that conform to the requirements of Article 400 (Table 400.4) shall be permitted as flexible connections on escalators and moving walk control panels and disconnecting means where the entire control panel and disconnecting means are arranged for removal from machine spaces as permitted in 620.5.
(C) Platform Lifts and Stairway Chairlift Raceways.
(1) Wiring Methods. Flexible metal conduit or liquidtight flex- ible metal conduit shall be permitted in platform lifts and stair- way chairlift runways and machinery spaces. Flexible metal conduit or liquidtight flexible conduit of metric designator 12 (trade size 3/g) shall be permitted in lengths not in excess of 1.8 m (6 ft).
Exception: Metric designator 12 (trade size 3/s ) or larger liquidtight flex- ible nonmetallic conduit (LFNC-B) shall be permitted to be installed in lengths in excess of 1.8 m (6 ft).
(2) Class 2 Circuit Cables. Typcs CL2P, CL2R, and CL2 cables shall be permitted to be installed within platform lifts and stair- way chairlift runways and machinery spaces, provided the cables are supported and protected from physical damage. Substitute cables for Class 2 cables installed in accordance with 722.135(E) shall be permitted.
(3) Flexible Cords and Cables. Flexible cords and cables that arc components of listed equipment and used in circuits oper- ating at 30 volts rms or less or 42 volts de or less shall be permit- ted in lengths not to exceed 1.8 m (6 ft), provided the cords and cables are supported and protected from physical damage and arc of a jacketed and flame-retardant typc.
620.22 Branch Circuits for Car Lighting, Receptacle(s), Venti- lation, Heating, and Air-Conditioning.
(A) Car Light Receptacles, Auxiliary Lighting, and Ventilation. A separate branch circuit shall supply the car lights. The car lights branch circuit shall be permitted to supply receptacles (alarm devices, emergency responder radio coverage (ERRC), car ventilation purification systems, monitoring devices not part of the control system), auxiliary lighting power source, car emergency signaling, communications devices (including their associated charging circuits), and ventilation on cach elevator car or inside the operation controller. The overcurrent device protecting the branch circuit shall be located in the elevator machine room, control room, machinery space, or control space. Where there is no machine room, control room, machi- nery space, or control space outside the hoistway, the overcur- rent device shall be located outside the hoistway and accessible to qualified persons only.
Required lighting shall not be connected to the load side of a ground-fault circuit interrupter.
(B) Air-Conditioning and Heating Source. A separate branch circuit shall supply the air-conditioning and heating units on cach elevator car. The overcurrent device protecting the branch circuit shall be located in the elevator machine room, control room, machinery space, or control space. Where there is no machine room, control room, machinery space, or control space outside the hoistway, the overcurrent device shall be located outside the hoistway and accessible only to qualified persons.
620.23 Branch Circuits for Machine Room, Control Room/ Machinery Space, Control Space, or Truss Interior Lighting and Receptacle(s).
(A) Separate Branch Circuits. The branch circuits supplying the lighting for machine rooms, control rooms, machinery spaces, control spaces, or truss interiors, where required, shall be separate from the branch circuits supplying the receptacles in those places. These circuits shall supply no other loads.
Required lighting shall not be connected to the load side of a ground-fault circuit interrupter.
(B) Lighting Switch. The machine room, control room/ machinery space, or control space lighting switch shall be loca- ted at the point of entry.
(C) Duplex Receptacle. At least one 125-volt, single-phase, 15- or 20-ampere duplex receptacle shall be provided in cach machine room, control room and machinery space, control space, and in truss interiors where required.
Informational Note: See ASME A17.1/CSA B44, Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators, for illumination levels and receptacle requirements.
620.24 Branch Circuit for Hoistway Pit Lighting and Recepta- cles.
(A) Separate Branch Circuits. Separate branch circuits shall supply the hoistway pit lighting and receptacles.
Required lighting shall not be connected to the load side of a ground-fault circuit interrupter.
(B) Lighting Switch. The lighting switch shall be so located as to be readily accessible from the pit access door.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-551
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
620.24
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
(C) Duplex Receptacle. At least one 125-volt, single-phase, 15- or 20-ampere duplex receptacle shall be provided in the hoist- way pit.
Informational Note No. 1: See ASME A17.1-2016/CSA B44-16, Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators, for illumination levels.
Informational Note No. 2: See 620.6 for ground-fault circuit- interrupter requirements.
620.25 Branch Circuits for Other Utilization Equipment.
(A) Additional Branch Circuits. Additional branch circuit(s) shall supply utilization equipment not identified in 620.22, 620.23, and 620.24. Other utilization equipment shall be restricted to that equipment identified in 620.1.
(B) Overcurrent Devices. The overcurrent devices protecting the branch circuit(s) shall be located in the elevator machine room, control room, machinery space, or control space. Where there is no machine room, control room, machinery space, or control space outside the hoistway, or for escalator and moving walk applications, the overcurrent device shall be located outside the hoistway and accessible only to qualified persons.
Part IV. Installation of Conductors
620.32 Metal Wireways and Nonmetallic Wireways. The sum of the cross-sectional arca of the individual conductors in a wire- way shall not be more than 50 percent of the interior cross- sectional arca of the wireway.
Vertical runs of wireways shall be securely supported at inter- vals not exceeding 4.5 m (15 ft) and shall have not more than one joint between supports. Adjoining wireway sections shall be securely fastened together to provide a rigid joint.
620.33 Number of Conductors in Raceways. The sum of the cross-sectional arca of the individual conductors in raceways shall not exceed 40 percent of the interior cross-sectional arca of the raceway, except as permitted in 620.32 for wircways.
620.34 Supports. Supports for cables or raceways in a hoistway or in an escalator or moving walk wellway or platform lift and stairway chairlift runway shall be securely fastened to the guide rail; escalator or moving walk truss; or to the hoistway, wellway, or runway construction.
620.35 Auxiliary Gutters. Auxiliary gutters shall not be subject to the restrictions of 366.10(G) covering length or of 366.22 covering number of conductors.
620.36 Different Systems in One Raceway or Traveling Cable. Optical fiber cables and conductors for operating devices, operation and motion control, power, signaling, fire alarm, lighting, heating, and air-conditioning circuits of 1000 volts or less shall be permitted to be run in the same traveling cable or raceway system if all conductors are insulated for the maximum voltage applied to any conductor within the cables or raceway system and if all live parts of the equipment are insulated from ground for this maximum voltage. Traveling cable or raceway shall also be permitted to include shielded pairs, coaxial cables, and other communications circuits. Type CMP-LP or CMR-LP cables complying with 800.179 shall be permitted in raceways.
620.37 Wiring in Hoistways, Machine Rooms, Control Rooms, Machinery Spaces, and Control Spaces.
(A) Uses Permitted. Electrical wiring, raceways, and cables used directly in connection with the elevator or dumbwaiter shall be permitted inside the hoistway, machine rooms, control rooms, machinery spaces, and control spaces, including wiring for the following:
(1) Signals
(2) Communications with the car
(3) Fire detection systems
( 4 ) Pit sump pumps
(5) Branch circuits in 620.24
(6) Heating, lighting, and ventilating the hoistway
(7) Heating, air conditioning, lighting, and ventilating the elevator car
(B) Lightning Protection. Bonding of elevator rails (car and/or counterweight) to a lightning protection system down conductor(s) shall be permitted. The lightning protection system down conductor(s) shall not be located within the hoist- way. Elevator rails or other hoistway cquipment shall not be used as the down conductor for lightning protection systems.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.106 for bonding require- ments.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, for further information.
(C) Feeders. Feeders for supplying power to elevators and dumbwaiters shall be installed outside the hoistway unless as follows:
(1) By special permission, feeders for elevators shall be permitted within an existing hoistway if no conductors arc spliced within the hoistway.
(2) Feeders shall be permitted inside the hoistway for eleva- tors with driving machine motors located in the hoistway or on the car or counterweight.
620.38 Electrical Equipment in Garages and Similar Occupan- cies. Electrical equipment and wiring used for elevators, dumbwaiters, escalators, moving walks, and platform lifts and stairway chairlifts in garages shall comply with the require- ments of 511.3(A).
Informational Note: Garages used for parking or storage and where no repair work is done in accordance with 511.3(A) are not classified.
Part V. Traveling Cables
620.41 Suspension of Traveling Cables. Traveling cables shall be suspended at the car and hoistways' ends, or counterweight end where applicable, so as to reduce the strain on the individ- ual copper conductors to a minimum.
Traveling cables shall be supported, utilizing listed compo- nents, by one of the following methods:
(1) By their steel supporting member(s)
(2) By looping the cables around supports for unsupported lengths less than 30 m (100 ft)
(3) By suspending from the supports by a means that auto- matically tightens around the cable when tension is increased for unsupported lengths up to 60 m (200 ft)
70-552
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
620.51
Unsupported length for the hoistway suspension means shall be that length of cable measured from the point of suspension in the hoistway to the bottom of the loop, with the elevator car located at the bottom landing. Unsupported length for the car suspension means shall be that length of cable measured from the point of suspension on the car to the bottom of the loop, with the elevator car located at the top landing.
620.42 Hazardous (Classified) Locations. In hazardous (classi- ficd) locations, traveling cables shall be of a type approved for hazardous (classified) locations as permitted in 501.10(B) (2) (7), 502.10(B)(2)(6), 503.10(A) (3) (6), 505.15(C)(2), and 506.15(A) (6).
620.43 Location of and Protection for Cables. Traveling cable supports shall be located so as to reduce to a minimum the possibility of damage due to the cables coming in contact with the hoistway construction or equipment in the hoistway. Where necessary, suitable guards shall be provided to protect the cables against damage.
620.44 Installation of Traveling Cables. Traveling cables that arc suitably supported and protected from physical damage shall be permitted to be run without the use of a raceway in cither or both of the following:
(1) When used inside the hoistway, on the elevator car, hoist- way wall, counterweight, or controllers and machinery that are located inside the hoistway, provided the cables arc in the original sheath.
(2) From inside the hoistway, to elevator controller enclo- sures and to elevator car and machine room, control room, machinery space, and control space connections that are located outside the hoistway for a distance not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft) in length as measured from the first point of support on the elevator car or hoistway wall, or counterweight where applicable, provided the conduc- tors are grouped together and taped or corded, or in the original sheath. These traveling cables shall be permitted to be continued to this equipment.
Part VI. Disconnecting Means and Control
620.51 Disconnecting Means. A single means for disconnect- ing all ungrounded main power supply conductors for cach clevator, dumbwaiter, escalator, moving walk, platform lift, or stairway chairlift shall be provided and be designed so that no pole can be operated independently. Where multiple driving machines are connected to a single elevator, escalator, moving walk, or pumping unit, there shall be one disconnecting means to disconnect the motor(s) and control valve operating magnets.
The disconnecting means for the main power supply conductors shall not disconnect the branch circuits required in 620.22, 620.23, and 620.24.
(A) Type. The disconnecting means shall be an enclosed externally operable fused motor circuit switch or circuit breaker that is lockable only in the open position in accord- ance with 110.25.
The disconnecting means shall be a listed device.
Informational Note No. 1: See ASME A17.1-2019/CSA B44-19, Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators, for additional information.
Informational Note No. 2: See ASME A18.1-2017, Safety Standard for Platform Lifts and Stairway Chairlifts, for additional informa- tion.
Exception No. 1: Where an individual branch circuit supplies a plat- form lift, the disconnecting means required by 620.51(C)(4) shall be permitted to comply with 430.109(C). This disconnecting means shall be listed and shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
Exception No. 2: Where an individual branch circuit supplies a stair- way chairlift or where a stairway chairlift is supplied by batteries as the primary source, the stairway chairlift shall be permitted to be cord-and- plug-connected, provided it complies with 422.16(A) and the cord does not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft) in length.
(B) Operation. No provision shall be made to open or close this disconnecting means from any other part of the premises. If sprinklers are installed in hoistways, machine rooms, control rooms, machinery spaces, or control spaces, the disconnecting means shall be permitted to automatically open the power supply to the affected elevator(s) prior to the application of water. No provision shall be made to automatically close this disconnecting means. Power shall only be restored by manual mcans.
Informational Note: To reduce hazards associated with water on live elevator electrical equipment.
(C) Location. The disconnecting means shall be located where it is readily accessible to qualified persons.
(1) On Elevators Without Generator Field Control. On cleva- tors without generator field control, the disconnecting means shall be located within sight of the motor controller. Where the motor controller is located in the elevator hoistway, the discon- necting means required by 620.51 (A) shall be located outside the hoistway and accessible to qualified persons only. An addi- tional fused or non-fused, enclosed, externally operable motor- circuit switch that is lockable open in accordance with 110.25 to disconnect all ungrounded main power-supply conductors shall be located within sight of the motor controller. The addi- tional switch shall be a listed device and shall comply with 620.91 (C).
Driving machines or motion and operation controllers not within sight of the disconnecting means shall be provided with a manually operated switch installed in the control circuit to prevent starting. The manually operated switch(cs) shall be installed adjacent to this equipment.
Where the driving machine of an electric elevator or the hydraulic machine of a hydraulic elevator is located in a remote machine room or remote machinery space, a single means for disconnecting all ungrounded main power-supply conductors shall be provided and be lockable open in accord- ance with 110.25.
(2) On Elevators with Generator Field Control. On clevators with generator field control, the disconnecting means shall be located within sight of the motor controller for the driving motor of the motor-generator set. Driving machines, motor- generator sets, or motion and operation controllers not within sight of the disconnecting means shall be provided with a manually operated switch installed in the control circuit to prevent starting. The manually operated switch(cs) shall bc installed adjacent to this equipment.
Where the driving machine or the motor-generator set is located in a remote machine room or remote machinery space,
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-553
620.51
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
a single means for disconnecting all ungrounded main power- supply conductors shall be provided and be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
(3) On Escalators and Moving Walks. On escalators and moving walks, the disconnecting means shall be installed in the space where the controller is located.
(4) On Platform Lifts and Stairway Chairlifts. On platform lifts and stairway chairlifts, the disconnecting means shall be located within sight of the motor controller.
(D) Identification and Signs.
(1) Available Fault Current Field Marking. The disconnecting means shall be legibly marked in the field with the available fault current at its line terminals. The field marking(s) shall include the date the available fault current calculation was performed and be of sufficient durability to withstand the envi- ronment involved.
When modifications to the electrical installation occur that affect the available fault current at the disconnecting means, the available fault current shall be verified or recalculated as necessary to ensure the elevator equipment's short-circuit current rating is sufficient for the available fault current at the line terminals of the equipment. The required field marking(s) shall be adjusted to reflect the new level of available fault current.
(E) Surge Protection. Where any of the disconnecting means in 620.51 has been designated as supplying an emergency system load, a legally required system load, or a critical opera- tion power system load, a listed SPD shall be installed.
620.52 Power from More Than One Source.
(A) Single-Car and Multicar Installations. On single-car and multicar installations, equipment receiving electrical power from more than one source shall be provided with a discon- necting means for cach source of electrical power. The discon- necting means shall be within sight of the equipment served.
(B) Warning Sign for Multiple Disconnecting Means. Where multiple disconnecting means are used and parts of the controllers remain energized from a source other than the one disconnected, a warning sign shall be mounted on or next to the disconnecting means. The sign shall be clearly legible and shall rcad as follows:
WARNING PARTS OF THE CONTROLLER ARE NOT DE-ENERGIZED BY THIS SWITCH.
The warning sign (s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(C) Interconnection Multicar Controllers. Where interconnec- tions between controllers are necessary for the operation of the system on multicar installations that remain energized from a source other than the one disconnected, a warning sign in accordance with 620.52(B) shall be mounted on or next to the disconnecting means.
620.53 Car Light, Receptacle(s), and Ventilation Disconnecting Means. Elevators shall have a single means for disconnecting all ungrounded car light, receptacle(s), and ventilation power- supply conductors for that elevator car.
The disconnecting means shall be an enclosed, externally operable, fused motor-circuit switch or circuit breaker that is
lockable open in accordance with 110.25 and shall be located in the machine room or control room for that elevator car. Where there is no machine room or control room outside the hoistway, the disconnecting means shall be located outside the hoistway and accessible to qualified persons only.
Disconnecting means shall be numbered to correspond to the identifying number of the elevator car whose light source they control.
The disconnecting means shall be provided with a sign to identify the location of the supply side overcurrent protective device.
Exception: Where a separate branch circuit supplies car lighting, a receptacle(s), and a ventilation motor not exceeding 2 hp, the discon- necting means required by 620.53 shall be permitted to comply with 430.109(C). This disconnecting means shall be listed and shall be lock- able open in accordance with 110.25.
620.54 Heating and Air-Conditioning Disconnecting Means. Elevators shall have a single means for disconnecting all ungrounded car heating and air-conditioning power-supply conductors for that elevator car.
The disconnecting means shall be an enclosed, externally operable, fused motor-circuit switch or circuit breaker that is lockable open in accordance with 110.25 and shall be located in the machine room or control room for that elevator car. Where there is no machine room or control room outside the hoistway, the disconnecting means shall be located outside the hoistway and accessible to qualified persons only.
Where there is equipment for more than one elevator car in the machine room, the disconnecting means shall be numbered to correspond to the identifying number of the elevator car whose heating and air-conditioning source they control.
The disconnecting means shall be provided with a sign to identify the location of the supply side overcurrent protective device.
620.55 Utilization Equipment Disconnecting Means. Each branch circuit for other utilization equipment shall have a single means for disconnecting all ungrounded conductors. The disconnecting means shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
Where there is more than one branch circuit for other utilization equipment, the disconnecting means shall be numbered to correspond to the identifying number of the equipment served. The disconnecting means shall be provided with a sign to identify the location of the supply side overcur- rent protective device.
Part VII. Overcurrent Protection
620.61 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection shall be provided in accordance with 620.61 (A) through (D).
(A) Operating Devices and Control and Signaling Circuits. Operating devices and control and signaling circuits shall be protected against overcurrent in accordance with 724.43 and 724.45.
70-554
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 620 - ELEVATORS, DUMBWAITERS, ESCALATORS, MOVING WALKS, LIFTS, & CHAIRLIFTS
620.91
Class 2 power-limited circuits shall be protected against over- current in accordance with Chapter 9, Notes to Tables 11(A) and 11 (B).
(B) Overload Protection for Motors. Motor and branch-circuit overload protection shall conform to Article 430, Part III, and 620.61(B) (1) through (B) (4).
(1) Duty Rating on Elevator, Dumbwaiter, and Motor- Generator Sets Driving Motors. Duty on elevator and dumb- waiter driving machine motors and driving motors of motor- generators used with generator field control shall be rated as intermittent. Such motors shall be permitted to be protected against overload in accordance with 430.33.
(2) Duty Rating on Escalator Motors. Duty on escalator and moving walk driving machine motors shall be rated as continu- ous. Such motors shall be protected against overload in accord- ance with 430.32.
(3) Overload Protection. Escalator and moving walk driving machine motors and driving motors of motor-generator sets shall be protected against running overload as provided in Table 430.37.
(4) Duty Rating and Overload Protection on Platform Lift and Stairway Chairlift Motors. Duty on platform lift and stairway chairlift driving machine motors shall be rated as intermittent. Such motors shall be permitted to be protected against over- load in accordance with 430.33.
Informational Note: See 430.44 for further information for orderly shutdown.
(C) Motor Feeder Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protection. Motor feeder short-circuit and ground-fault protection shall be as required in Article 430, Part V.
(D) Motor Branch-Circuit Short-Circuit and Ground-Fault Protection. Motor branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protection shall be as required in Article 430, Part IV.
620.62 Selective Coordination. Where more than one driving machine disconnecting means is supplied by the same source, the overcurrent protective devices in cach disconnecting means shall be selectively coordinated with any other supply-side over- current protective devices.
Selective coordination shall be selected by a licensed profes- sional engineer or other qualified person engaged primarily in the design, installation, or maintenance of electrical systems. The selection and device settings shall be documented and made available to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, and operate the system.
Exception: Selective coordination shall not be required between two over- current devices located in series if no loads are connected in parallel with the downstream device.
620.65 Signage. Equipment enclosures containing selectively coordinated overcurrent devices shall be legibly marked in the field to indicate that the overcurrent devices are selectively coordinated. The marking shall meet the requirements of 110.21(B), shall be readily visible, and shall state the following:
CAUTION: OVERCURRENT DEVICES IN THIS ENCLOSURE ARE SELECTIVELY COORDINATED. EQUIVALENT REPLACEMENTS AND TRIP SETTINGS ARE REQUIRED.
Part VIII. Machine Rooms, Control Rooms, Machinery Spaces, and Control Spaces
620.71 Guarding Equipment. Elevator, dumbwaiter, escalator, and moving walk driving machines; motor-generator sets; motor controllers; and disconnecting means shall be installed in a room or space set aside for that purpose unless otherwise permitted in 620.71 (A) or (B). The room or space shall be secured against unauthorized access.
(A) Motor Controllers. Motor controllers shall be permitted outside the spaces herein specified, provided they are in enclo- sures with doors or removable panels that are capable of being locked in the closed position and the disconnecting means is located adjacent to or is an integral part of the motor control- ler. Motor controller enclosures for escalator or moving walks shall be permitted in the balustrade on the side located away from the moving steps or moving treadway. If the disconnect- ing means is an integral part of the motor controller, it shall be operable without opening the enclosure.
(B) Driving Machines. Elevators with driving machines located on the car, on the counterweight, or in the hoistway, and driv- ing machines for dumbwaiters, platform lifts, and stairway lifts, shall be permitted outside the spaces herein specified.
Part IX. Grounding and Bonding
620.81 Metal Raceways Attached to Cars. Metal raceways, Typc MC cable, Type MI cable, or Type AC cable attached to elevator cars shall be bonded to metal parts of the car that are bonded to the equipment grounding conductor.
620.82 Electric Elevators. For electric elevators, the frames of all motors, elevator machines, controllers, and the metal enclo- sures for all electrical equipment in or on the car or in the hoistway shall be bonded in accordance with Article 250, Parts V and VII.
620.83 Nonelectric Elevators. For elevators other than electric having any electrical conductors attached to the car, the metal frame of the car, where normally accessible to persons, shall be bonded in accordance with Article 250, Parts V and VII.
620.84 Escalators, Moving Walks, Platform Lifts, and Stairway Chairlifts. Escalators, moving walks, platform lifts, and stairway chairlifts shall comply with Article 250.
Part X. Emergency and Standby Power Systems
620.91 Emergency and Standby Power Systems. Elevators shall be permitted to be powered by an emergency or standby power system.
Informational Note No. 1: See ASME A17.1-2016/CSA B44-16, Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators, 2.27.2, for additional infor- mation.
Informational Note No. 2: When an elevator is classified as a fire service access elevator or occupant evacuation operation eleva- tor, some building codes require the elevator equipment, eleva- tor hoistway lighting, ventilation and cooling equipment for elevator machine rooms, control rooms, machine spaces, and control spaces as well as elevator car lighting to be supplied by standby power systems in compliance with Article 701.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-555
620.91
ARTICLE 625 - ELECTRIC VEHICLE POWER TRANSFER SYSTEM
(A) Regenerative Power. For elevator systems that regenerate power back into the power source that is unable to absorb the regenerative power under overhauling elevator load condi- tions, a means shall be provided to absorb this power.
(B) Other Building Loads. Other building loads, such as power and lighting, shall be permitted as the energy absorption means required in 620.91(A), provided that such loads arc automatically connected to the emergency or standby power system operating the elevators and are large enough to absorb the elevator regenerative power.
(C) Disconnecting Means. The disconnecting means required by 620.51 shall disconnect the elevator from both the emer- gency or standby power system and the normal power system.
Where an additional power source is connected to the load side of the disconnecting means, which allows automatic move- ment of the car to permit evacuation of passengers, the discon- necting means required in 620.51 shall be provided with an auxiliary contact that is positively opened mechanically, and the opening shall not be solely dependent on springs. This contact shall cause the additional power source to be disconnected from its load when the disconnecting means is in the open position.
ARTICLE 625 Electric Vehicle Power Transfer System
Part I. General
625.1 Scope. This article covers the electrical conductors and equipment connecting an electric vehicle to premises wiring for the purposes of charging, power export, or bidirectional current flow.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 505-2018, Fire Safety Stand- ard for Powered Industrial Trucks Including Type Designations, Areas of Use, Conversions, Maintenance, and Operations, for information on fire protection of industrial trucks.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 2594-2016, Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment, for information on conductive electric vehicle supply equipment.
Informational Note No. 3: See UL 2202-2009, Electric Vehicle Charging System Equipment, for information on conductive elec- tric vehicle charging equipment.
Informational Note No. 4: See UL 2750-2020, Outline of Investiga- tion for Wireless Power Transfer Equipment for Electric Vehicles, for information on wireless power transfer equipment for transfer- ring power to an electric vehicle.
Informational Note No. 5: See NECA 413-2019, Installing and Maintaining Elertrir Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE), for informa- tion on the procedures for installing and maintaining AC Level 1, AC Level 2, and fast-charging dc electric vehicle supply equip- ment (EVSE).
625.4 Voltages. Unless other voltages are specified, the nomi- nal ac system voltages of 120, 120/240, 208Y/120, 240, 480Y/ 277, 480, 600Y/347, 600, or 1000 volts or dc system input voltages of up to 1000 volts shall be used to supply equipment covered by this article. Output voltages to the electric vehicle are not specified.
625.6 Listed. Electric vehicle power transfer system equipment for the purposes of charging, power export, or bidirectional current flow shall be listed.
PartII. Equipment Construction
625.17 Cords and Cables.
(A) Power-Supply Cord. The cable for cord-connected electric vehicle supply equipment (EVSE) shall comply with all of the following:
(1) Be any of the types specified in 625.17(B) (1) or hard serv- icc cord, junior hard service cord, or portable power cable types in accordance with Table 400.4. Hard service cord, junior hard service cord, or portable power cable types shall be listed, as applicable, for exposure to oil and clamp and wet locations.
(2) Have an ampacity as specified in Table 400.5(A) (1) or, for 8 AWG and larger, in the 60 (140°F) columns of Table 400.5(A) (2).
(3) Have an overall length as specified in either of the follow- ing:
a. When the interrupting device of the personnel protection system specified in 625.22 is located within the enclosure of the supply equipment or charging system, the power-supply cord shall be not more than the length indicated in (i) or (ii):
(i) For portable equipment in accordance with 625.44(A), the power-supply cord shall be not more than 300 mm (12 in.) long.
(ii) For fastened-in-place equipment in accordance with 625.44(B), the power-supply cord shall be not more than 1.8 m (6 ft) long and the cquip- ment shall be installed at a height that prevents the power-supply cord from contacting the floor when it is connected to the proper recep- taclc.
b. When the interrupting device of the personnel protection system specified in 625.22 is located at the attachment plug, or within the first 300 mm (12 in.) of the power-supply cord, the overall cord length shall be not greater than 4.6 m (15 ft).
(B) Output Cable to Electric Vehicles. The output cable to electric vehicles shall be one of the following:
(1) Listed Type EV, EVJ, EVE, EVJE, EVT, or EVJT flexible cable as specified in Table 400.4
(2) An integral part of listed electric vehicle supply equip- ment
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 2594-2016, Standard for Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment, for information on conductive electric vehicle supply equipment.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 2202-2009, Standard for Electric Vehicle (EV) Charging System Equipment, for information on conductive electric vehicle charging equipment.
(C) Overall Cord and Cable Length. The overall usable length shall not exceed 7.5 m (25 ft) unless equipped with a cable management system that is part of the listed electric vehicle supply cquipment.
70-556
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
625.48
ARTICLE 625 - ELECTRIC VEHICLE POWER TRANSFER SYSTEM
(1) Portable Equipment. For portable EVSE, the cord-exposed usable length shall be measured from the face of the attach- ment plug to the face of the electric vehicle connector.
(2) Fastened-in-Place. Where the EVSE is fastened-in-place, the usable length of the output cable to the electric vehicle shall be measured from the cable exit of the electric vehicle supply equipment to the face of the electric vehicle connector.
Where the wireless power transfer equipment (WPTE) is fastened-in-place, the output cable to the primary pad shall be measured from the cable exit of the control box to the cable inlet at the primary pad.
(D) Interconnecting Cabling Systems. Other cabling systems that are integral parts of listed EVSE and are intended to inter- connect pieces of equipment within an EVSE system using approved installation methods shall be permitted.
625.22 Personnel Protection System. EVSE shall have a listed system of protection against electric shock of personnel. Where cord-and-plug-connected equipment is used, the interrupting device of a listed personnel protection system shall be provided according to 625.17(A). A personnel protection system shall not be required for EVSE that supplies less than 60 volts dc.
Part III. Installation
625.40 Electric Vehicle Branch Circuit. Each outlet installed for the purpose of supplying EVSE greater than 16 amperes or 120 volts shall be supplied by an individual branch circuit.
Exception: Branch circuits shall be permitted to feed multiple EVSEs as permitted by 625.42(A) or (B).
625.41 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection for feeders and branch circuits supplying EVSE and WPTE, includ- ing bidirectional EVSE and WPTE, shall be sized for continu- ous duty and shall have a current rating of not less than 125 percent of the maximum load of the equipment. Where noncontinuous loads are supplied from the same feeder, the overcurrent device shall have a current rating of not less than the sum of the noncontinuous loads plus 125 percent of the continuous loads.
625.42 Rating. The EVSE shall have sufficient rating to supply the load served. Electric vehicle charging loads shall be consid- cred to be continuous loads for the purposes of this article. Service and feeder shall be sized in accordance with the prod- uct ratings, unless the overall rating of the installation can be limited through controls as permitted by 625.42(A) or (B).
(A) Energy Management System (EMS). Where an EMS in accordance with 750.30 provides load management of EVSE, the maximum equipment load on a service and feeder shall be the maximum load permitted by the EMS. The EMS shall be permitted to be integral to one piece of equipment or integral to a listed system consisting of more than one piece of cquip- ment. When one or more pieces of equipment are provided with an integral load management control, the system shall be marked to indicate this control is provided.
(B) EVSE with Adjustable Settings. EVSE with restricted access to an ampere adjusting means complying with 750.30(C) shall be permitted. If adjustments have an impact on the rating label, those changes shall be in accordance with manufacturer's instructions, and the adjusted rating shall appear on the rating label with sufficient durability to withstand the environment
involved. EVSEas referenced shall be permitted to have ampere ratings that are equal to the adjusted current setting.
625.43 Disconnecting Means. For EVSE and WPTE rated more than 60 amperes or more than 150 volts to ground, the discon- necting means shall be provided and installed in a readily accessible location. If the disconnecting means is installed remote from the equipment, a plaque shall be installed on the equipment denoting the location of the disconnecting means. The disconnecting means shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
625.44 Equipment Connection. EVSE and WPTE shall be connected to the premises wiring system in accordance with one of the methods in 625.44(A) through (C).
(A) Portable Equipment. Portable equipment shall be connec- ted to the premises wiring system by one or more of the follow- ing methods:
(1) A nonlocking, 2-pole, 3-wire grounding-type receptacle outlet rated at 125 volts, single phase, 15 or 20 amperes
(2) A nonlocking, 2-pole, 3-wire grounding-type receptacle outlet rated at 250 volts, single phase, 15 or 20 amperes
(3) A nonlocking, 2-pole, 3-wire or 3-pole, 4-wire grounding- type receptacle outlet rated at 250 volts, single phase, 30 or 50 ainperes, or 125/250 volts, single-phase, 30, 50, or 60 amperes
(4) A nonlocking, 2-pole, 3-wire grounding-type receptacle outlet rated at 60 volts de maximum, 15 or 20 amperes
(B) Fastened-in-Place Equipment. Equipment that is fastened- in-place shall be connected to the premises wiring system by one of the following methods:
(1) A nonlocking, 2-pole, 3-wire grounding-type receptacle outlet rated 125 volts or 250 volts, single phase, up to 50 amperes
(2) A nonlocking, 3-pole, 4-wire grounding-type receptacle outlet rated 250 volts, three phase, up to 50 amperes
(3) A nonlocking, 3-pole, 4-wire grounding-type receptacle outlet rated 125/250 volts, single phase, 30, 50, or 60 amperes
(4) A nonlocking, 2-pole, 3-wire grounding-type receptacle outlet rated 60 volts de maximum, 15 or 20 amperes
(C) Fixed-in-Place Equipment. All other EVSE and WPTE shall be permanently wired and fixed-in-place to the supporting surfacc.
625.46 Loss of Primary Source. Mcans shall be provided such that, upon loss of voltage from the utility or other electrical system(s), energy cannot be back fed through the electric vchi- cle and the supply equipment to the premises wiring system unless permitted by 625.48.
625.47 Multiple Feeder or Branch Circuits. Where equipment is identified for the application, more than one feeder or branch circuit shall be permitted to supply equipment.
625.48 Interactive Equipment. EVSE or WPTE that incorpo- rates a power export function and that is part of an interactive system that serves as an optional standby system, an electric power production source, or a bidirectional power feed shall be listed and marked as suitable for that purpose. When used as an optional standby system, the requirements of Parts I and II of Article 702 shall apply; when used as an electric power production source, the requirements of Parts I and II of Article
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-557
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
625.49
ARTICLE 625 - ELECTRIC VEHICLE POWER TRANSFER SYSTEM
705 shall apply. EVPE that provides a receptacle outlet as its point of power export shall be in accordance with 625.60.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 1741, Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interconnection System Equipment for Use with Distrib- uted Energy Resources, for further information on supply equip- ment.
Informational Note No. 2: See U'L 9741, Bidirectional Electric Vehi- cle (EV) Charging System Equipment, for vehicle interactive systems.
Informational Note No. 3: See SAE J3072, Standard for Intercon- nection Requirements for Onboard, Utility-Interactive Inverter Systems, for further infonnation.
625.49 Island Mode. EVPE and bidirectional EVSE that incor- porate a power export function shall be permitted to be a part of an interconnected power system operating in island mode.
625.50 Location. The EVSE shall be located for direct electri- cal coupling of the EV connector (conductive or inductive) to the electric vehicle. Unless specifically listed and marked for the location, the coupling means of the EVSE shall be stored or located at a height of not less than 450 mm (18 in.) above the floor level for indoor locations or 600 mm (24 in.) above the grade level for outdoor locations. This requirement does not apply to portable EVSE constructed in accordance with 625.44(A).
625.52 Ventilation. The ventilation requirement for charging an electric vehicle in an indoor enclosed space shall be deter- mined by 625.52(A) or (B).
(A) Ventilation Not Required. Where electric vehicle storage batteries are used or where the equipment is listed for charging electric vehicles indoors without ventilation, mechanical venti- lation shall not be required.
(B) Ventilation Required. Where the equipment is listed for charging electric vehicles that require ventilation for indoor charging, mechanical ventilation, such as a fan, shall be provi-
ded. The ventilation shall include both supply and exhaust equipment and shall be permanently installed and located to intake from, and vent directly to, the outdoors. Positive- pressure ventilation systems shall be permitted only in vehicle charging buildings or arcas that have been specifically designed and approved for that application. Mechanical ventilation requirements shall be determined by one of the methods speci- ficd in 625.52(B) (1) through (B) (4).
(1) Table Values. For supply voltages and currents specified in Table 625.52(B) (1)(1) or Table 625.52(B) (1)(2), the minimum ventilation requirements shall be as specified in Table 625.52(B) (1) (1) or Table 625.52(B) (1)(2) for cach of the total number of electric vehicles that can be charged at one time.
(2) Other Values. For supply voltages and currents other than specified in Table 625.52(B) (1) (1) or Table 625.52(B) (1) (2), the minimum ventilation requirements shall be calculated by means of the following general formulas, as applicable:
(1) Single-phase ac or dc:
Ventilationsingle-phase se or de in cubic meters per minute (m3/min) =
[625.52(B)(2)a]
(volts)(amperes)
1718
Ventilationsinglephase ar or de in cubic feet per minute (c[m) =
[625.52(B)(2)b]
(volts)(ampercs)
48.7
Table 625.52(B)(1)(1) Minimum Ventilation Required in Cubic Meters per Minute (m3/min) for Each of the Total Number of Electric Vehicles That Can Be Charged at One Time
Branch-Circuit Voltage
Single Phase
3 Phase
Branch- Circuit Ampere Rating
DC  50 V
120 V
208 V
240 V or 120/240 V
208 V or 208Y/120 V
240 V
480 V or 480Y/277 V
600 V or 600Y/347 V
15
0.5
1.1
1.8
2.1
-
-
20
0.6
1.4
2.4
2.8
4.2
4.8
9.7
12
30
0.9
2.1
3.6
4.2
6.3
7.2
15
18
40
1.2
2.8
4.8
5.6
8.4
9.7
19
24
50
1.5
3.5
6.1
7.0
10
12
24
30
60
1.8
4.2
7.3
8.4
13
15
29
36
100
2.9
7.0
12
14
21
24
48
60
150
31
36
73
91
200
42
48
97
120
250
52
60
120
150
300
63
73
145
180
350
73
85
170
210
400
84
97
195
240
70-558
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
625.101
ARTICLE 625 - ELECTRIC VEHICLE POWER TRANSFER SYSTEM
Table 625.52(B)(1)(2) Minimum Ventilation Required in Cubic Feet per Minute (cfm) for Each of the Total Number of Electric Vehicles That Can Be Charged at One Time
Branch-Circuit Voltage
Single Phase
3 Phase
Branch- Circuit Ampere Rating
DC  50V
120 V
208 V
240 V or 120/240 V
208 V or 208Y/120 V
240 V
480 V or 480Y/277 V
600 V or 600Y/347 V
15
15.4
37
64
74
-
-
20
20.4
49
85
99
148
171
342
427
30
30.8
74
128
148
222
256
512
641
40
41.3
99
171
197
296
342
683
854
50
51.3
123
214
246
370
427
854
1066
60
61.7
148
256
296
444
512
1025
1281
100
102.5
246
427
493
740
854
1708
2135
150
1110
1281
2562
3203
200
1480
1708
3416
4270
250
1850
2135
4270
5338
300
2221
2562
5125
6406
350
2591
2989
5979
7473
400
2961
3416
6832
8541
(2) Three-phase ac:
Ventilation 3-phase in cubic (m3/min) =
meters
per minute
[625.52(B)(2)c]
1.732(volts)(amperes) 1718
Ventilation3phase in cubic feet per minute (cfm) =
[625.52(B)(2)d]
1.732(volts) (amperes)
48.7
(3) Engineered Systems. For an cquipment ventilation system designed by a person qualified to perform such calculations as an integral part of a building's total ventilation system, the minimum ventilation requirements shall be permitted to be determined in accordance with calculations specified in the engineering study.
(4) Supply Circuits. The supply circuit to the mechanical ventilation equipment shall be electrically interlocked with the equipment and shall remain energized during the entire elec- tric vehicle charging cycle. Equipment receptacles rated at 125 volts, single phase, 15 and 20 amperes shall be switched and the mechanical ventilation system shall be electrically interlocked through the switch supply power to the receptacle. Equipment supplied from less than 50 volts dc shall be switched and the mechanical ventilation system shall be electri- cally interlocked through the switch supply power to the equip- ment.
625.54 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Personnel. All receptacles installed for the connection of elec- tric vehicle charging shall have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel.
625.56 Receptacle Enclosures. All receptacles installed in a wet location for electric vehicle charging shall have an enclo- sure that is weatherproof with the attachment plug cap inserted or removed. An outlet box hood installed for this purpose shall be listed and shall be identified as extra duty. Other listed products, enclosures, or assemblies providing weatherproof protection that do not utilize an outlet box hood shall not be required to be marked extra duty.
625.60 AC Receptacle Outlets Used for EVPE. AC receptacles installed in electric vehicles and intended to allow for connec- tion of off-board utilization equipment shall comply with 625.60(A) through (D).
(A) Type. The receptacle outlet shall be listed.
(B) Rating. The receptacle outlet shall be rated 250 volts maxi- mum, single phase 50 amperes maximum.
(C) Overcurrent Protection. Electric vehicles provided with receptacle outlets for power export shall be provided with over- current protection integral to the power export system. The overcurrent protection shall have a nominal rating sufficient for the receptacle it protects. The overcurrent protection shall also be sufficiently rated for the maximum available fault current at the receptacle and shall be included in the interac- tive equipment cvaluation. Sec 625.48.
(D) GFCI Protection for Personnel. Ground-fault circuit- interrupter protection for personnel shall be provided for all receptacles. The ground-fault circuit-interrupter indication and reset shall be installed in a readily accessible location.
Infonnational Note: There are various methods available to achieve ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection.
Part IV. Wireless Power Transfer Equipment
625.101 Grounding. The primary pad base plate shall be of a nonferrous metal and shall be connected to the circuit equip- ment grounding conductor unless the listed WPTE employs a double-insulation system. The base plate shall be sized to match the size of the primary pad enclosure.
2023Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-559
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
625.102
ARTICLE 626- ELECTRIFIED TRUCK PARKING SPACES
625.102 Installation.
(A) General. The control pad, if included in the WPTE config- uration, shall comply with 625.102(B). The primary pad shall comply with 625.102(C).
(B) Control Box. The control box enclosure shall be suitable for the environment and shall be mounted at a height not less than 450 mm (18 in.) above the floor level for indoor locations or 600 mm (24 in.) above grade level for outdoor locations. The control box shall be mounted in one of the following forms:
(1) Pedestal
(2) Wall or polc
(3) Building or structure
(4) Raised concrete pad
(C) Primary Pad. The primary pad shall be installed secured to the surface or embedded in the surface of the floor with its top flush with the surface or below the surface, all per manu- facturer's instructions and the following:
(1) If the primary pad is located in an arca requiring snow removal, it shall not be located on or above the surface.
Exception: Where installed on private property where snow removal is done manually, the primary pad shall be permitted to be installed on or above the surfare.
(2) The primary pad enclosure shall be suitable for the envi- ronment. If the primary pad is located in an arca subject to severe climatic conditions (c.g., flooding), the enclo- sure shall be suitably rated for those conditions.
(D) Protection of Cords and Cables to the Primary Pad. The output cable to the primary pad shall be secured in place over its entire length for the purpose of restricting its movement and to prevent strain at the connection points. If installed in conditions where drive-over could occur, the cable shall be provided with supplemental protection.
Where there is no control box, the cord or cable supplying power to the primary pad shall be secured in place in order to restrict movement and to prevent strain at the connection points. Where subject to vehicular traffic, supplemental protec- tion shall be provided.
(E) Other Wiring Systems. Other wiring' systems and fittings specifically listed for use on the WPTE shall be permitted.
ARTICLE 626 Electrified Truck Parking Spaces
Part I. General
626.1 Scope. This article covers the electrical conductors and equipment external to the truck or transport refrigerated unit that connects nonpropulsion electrical elements of trucks or transport refrigerated units to a supply of electricity, and the installation of equipment and devices related to electrical installations within an electrified truck parking space.
626.3 Other Articles. Wherever the requirements of other arti- cles of this Code and Article 626 differ, the requirements of Arti-
cle 626 shall apply. Unless electrified truck parking space wiring systems are supported or arranged in such a manner that they cannot be used in or above locations classified in 511.3 or 514.3, or both, they shall comply with 626.3(A) and (B) in addition to the requirements of this article.
(A) Vehicle Repair and Storage Facilities. Electrified truck parking space electrical wiring systems located at facilities for the repair or storage of self-propelled vehicles that use volatile flammable liquids or flammable gases for fuel or power shall comply with Article 511.
(B) Motor Fuel Dispensing Stations. Electrified truck parking space electrical wiring systems located at or serving motor fucl dispensing stations shall comply with Article 514.
Informational Note: See NFPA 88A-2019, Standard for Parking Structures, and NFPA 30A-2021, Code for Motor Fuel Dispensing Facilities and Repair Garages, for additional infonnation.
626.4 General Requirements.
(A) Not Covered. This article shall not apply to that portion of other equipment in residential, commercial, or industrial facili- tics that requires electric power used to load and unload cargo, operate conveyors, and for other equipment used on the site or truck.
(B) Distribution System Voltages. Unless other voltages arc specified, the nominal ac system voltages of 120, 120/240, 208Y/120, 240, or 480Y/277 shall be used to supply equipment covered by this article.
(C) Connection to Wiring System. This article shall apply to the. electrified truck parking space supply equipment intended for connection to a wiring system as defined in 626.4(B).
Part II. Electrified Truck Parking Space Electrical Wiring Systems
626.10 Branch Circuits. Electrified truck parking space single- phase branch circuits shall be derived from a 208Y/120-volt, 3- phase, 4-wire system or a 120/240-volt, single-phase, 3-wirc system.
Exception: A 120-volt distribution system shall be permitted to supply existing electrified truck parking spaces.
626.11 Feeder and Service Load Calculations.
(A) Parking Space Load. The calculated load of a feeder or service shall be not less than the sum of the loads on the branch circuits. Electrical service and feeders shall be calcula- ted on the basis of not less than 11 kVA per electrified truck parking spacc.
(B) Demand Factors. Electrified truck parking space electrical wiring system demand factors shall be based upon the climatic temperature zone in which the equipment is installed. The demand factors set forth in Table 626.11 (B) shall be the mini- mum allowable demand factors that shall be permitted for calculating load for service and feeders. No demand factor shall be allowed for any other load, except as provided in this article.
Informational Note: The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has developed a commonly used "Plant Hardiness Zone" map that is publicly available. The map provides guidance for detennining the Climatic Temperature Zone. Data indicate that the HVAC has the highest power requirement in cold
70-560
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 626- ELECTRIFIED TRUCK PARKING SPACES
626.24
climates, with the heating demand representing the greatest load, which in turn is dependent on outside temperature. In very warm climates, where no heating load is necessary, the cool- ing load increases as the outdoor temperature rises. These demand factors do not apply to the portion of electrical wiring systems that supply the transport refrigerated units (TRUs).
(C) Two or More Electrified Truck Parking Spaces. Where the electrified truck parking space wiring system is in a location that serves two or more electrified truck parking spaces, the equipment for cach space shall comply with 626.11(A), and the calculated load shall be calculated on the basis of cach parking spacc.
(D) Conductor Rating. Truck space branch-circuit supplied loads shall be considered to be continuous.
Part III. Electrified Truck Parking Space Supply Equipment 626.22 Wiring Methods and Materials.
(A) Electrified Truck Parking Space Supply Equipment Type. The electrified truck parking space supply equipment shall be provided in one of the following forms:
(1) Pedestal
(2) Overhead gantry
(3) Raised concrete pad
(B) Mounting Height. Post, pedestal, and raised concrete pad types of electrified truck parking space supply equipment shall bc not less than 600 mm (2 ft) aboveground or above the point identified as the prevailing highest water level mark or an
Table 626.11(B) Demand Factors for Services and Feeders
Climatic Temperature Zone (USDA Hardiness Zone) (See Note)
Demand Factor (%)
1
70
2a
67
2b
62
3a
59
3b
57
4a
55
4b
51
5a
47
5b
43
6a
39
6b
34
7a
29
7b
24
8a
21
8b
20
9a
20
9b
20
10a
21
10b
23
11
24
Note: The climatic temperature zones shown in Table 626.11 (B) correlate with those found on the "USDA Plant Hardiness Zone Map," and the climatic temperature zone selected for use with the table shall be determined through the use of this map based on the installation location.
cquivalent benchmark based on seasonal or storm-driven flood- ing from the authority having jurisdiction.
(C) Access to Working Space. All electrified truck parking space supply equipment shall be accessible by an unobstructed entrance or passageway not less than 600 mm (2 ft) wide and not less than 2.0 m (6 ft 6 in.) high.
(D) Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting switch or circuit breaker shall be provided to disconnect one or more electrified truck parking space supply equipment sites from a remote loca- tion. The disconnecting means shall be provided and installed in a readily accessible location and shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
626.23 Overhead Gantry or Cable Management System.
(A) Cable Management. Electrified truck parking space equip- ment provided from cither overhead gantry or cable manage- ment systems shall utilize a permanently attached power supply cable in electrified truck parking space supply equipment. Other cable types and assemblies listed as being suitable for the purpose, including optional hybrid communications, signal, and composite optical fiber cables, shall be permitted.
(B) Strain Relief. Means to prevent strain from being trans- mitted to the wiring terminals shall be provided. Permanently attached power supply cable(s) shall be provided with a means to de-energize the cable conductors and power service delivery device upon exposure to strain that could result in cither cable damage or separation from the power service delivery device and exposure of live parts.
626.24 Electrified Truck Parking Space Supply Equipment Connection Means.
(A) General. Each truck shall be supplied from electrified truck parking space supply equipment through suitable extra- hard service cables or cords. Each connection to the equip- ment shall be by a single separable power supply cable assembly.
(B) Receptacle. All receptacles shall be listed and of the grounding type. Every truck parking space with electrical supply shall be equipped with the following:
(1) A maximum of three receptacles, cach 2-pole, 3-wirc grounding type and rated 20 amperes, 125 volts, and two of the three connected to two separate branch circuits.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure 5-20, for the non- locking-type and grounding-type 20-ampere receptacle configu- ration.
(2) One single receptacle, 3-pole, 4-wire grounding typc, single phase rated cither 30 amperes 208Y/120 volts or 125/250 volts. The 125/250-volt receptacle shall be permitted to be used on a 208Y/120-volt, single-phase circuit.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL1686-2012, Pin and Sleeve Configurations, Figure C2.9 or Part C3, for various configurations of 30-ampere pin and sleeve receptacles.
Exception: Where electrified truck parking space supply equipment provides the heating, air-conditioning, and comfort-cooling function without requiring a direct electrical connection at the truck, only two receptacles identified in 626.24(B)(1) shall be required.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-561
626.24
ARTICLE 626- ELECTRIFIED TRUCK PARKING SPACES
(C) Disconnecting Means, Parking Space. The electrified truck parking space supply equipment shall be provided with a switch or circuit breaker for disconnecting the power supply to the electrified truck parking space. A disconnecting means shall be provided and installed in a readily accessible location and shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
(D) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Person- nel. In addition to the requirements in 210.8, the electrified truck parking space equipment shall be designed and construc- ted such that all receptacle outlets in 626.24 are provided with ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel.
626.25 Separable Power-Supply Cable Assembly. A scparable power-supply cable assembly, consisting of a power-supply cord, a cord connector, and an attachment plug intended for connection with a truck flanged surface inlet, shall be of a listed type. The power-supply cable assemblyor assembliesshall be identified and be one of the types and ratings specified in 626.25(A) and (B). Cords with adapters and pigtail ends, extension cords, and similar items shall not be used.
(A) Rating(s).
(1) Twenty-Ampere Power-Supply Cable Assembly. Equipment with a 20-ampere, 125-volt receptacle, in accordance with 626.24(B) (1), shall use a listed 20-ampere power-supply cable assembly.
Exception: It shall be permitted to use a listed separable power-supply cable assembly, either hard service or extra-hard service and rated 15 amperes, 125 volts, for connection to an engine block heater for legacy vehicles.
(2) Thirty-Ampere Power-Supply Cable Assembly. Equipment with a 30-ampere, 208Y/120-volt or 125/250-volt receptacle, in accordance with 626.24(B) (2), shall usc a listed 30-ampere main power supply cable assembly.
(B) Power-Supply Cord.
(1) Conductors. The cord shall be a listed type with three or four conductors, for single-phase connection, one conductor of which shall be identified in accordance with 400.23.
Exception: It shall be permitted to use a separate listed three-conductor separable power-supply cable assembly, one conductor of which shall be identified in accordance with 400.23 and rated 15 amperes, 125 volts for connection to an engine block heater for existing vehicles.
(2) Cord. Extra-hard usage flexible cords and cables rated not less than 90 (194ºF), 600 volts; listed for both wet locations and sunlight resistance; and having an outer jacket rated to be resistant to temperature extremes, oil, gasoline, ozone, abra- sion, acids, and chemicals shall be permitted where flexibility is necessary between the electrified truck parking space supply equipment, the panel board, and flanged surface inlet(s) on the truck.
Exception: Cords for the separable power supply cable assembly for 15- and 20-ampere connections shall be permitted to be a hard service type.
(3) Cord Overall Length. The exposed cord length shall be measured from the face of the attachment plug to the point of entrance to the truck or the face of the flanged surface inlet or to the point where the cord enters the truck. The overall length of the cable shall not exceed 7.5 m (25 ft) unless cquip- ped with a cable management system that is listed as suitable for the purpose.
(4) Attachment Plug. The attachment plug(s) shall be listed, by itself or as part of a cord set, for the purpose and shall be molded to or installed on the flexible cord so that it is secured tightly to the cord at the point where the cord enters the attachment plug. If a right-angle cap is used, the configuration shall be oriented so that the grounding member is farthest from the cord. Where a flexible cord is provided, the attach- ment plug shall comply with 250.138(A).
(a) Connection to 20-Ampere Receptacle. A separable power- supply cable assemblyfor connection to a truck flanged surface inlet, rated at 20 amperes, shall have a non-locking-type attach- ment plug that shall be 2-pole, 3-wire grounding type rated 20 amperes, 125 volts and intended for use with the 20-ampere, 125-volt receptacle.
Exception: A separable power-supply cable assembly, provided for the connection of only an engine block heater, shall have an attachment plug of the 2-pole, 3-wire grounding type, rated 15 amperes, 125 volts.
Informational Note: See ANSI/NEMA WD 6-2016, Wiring Devices - Dimensional Specifications, Figure 5-15 or Figure 5-20, for non- locking- and grounding-type 15- or 20-ampere plug and recepta- cle configurations.
(b) Connection to 30-Ampere Receptacle. A separable power- supply cable assemblyfor connection to a truck flanged surface inlet, rated at 30 amperes, shall have an attachment plug that shall be 3-pole; 4-wire grounding type rated 30 amperes, 208Y/ 120 volts or 125/250 volts, and intended for use with the recep- tacle in accordance with 626.24(B) (2). The 125/250-volt attachment plug shall be permitted to be used on a 208Y/120- volt, single-phase circuit.
Informational Note: See UL 1686-2012, Pin and Sleeve Configura- tions, Figure C2.10 or Part C3, for various configurations of 30- ampere pin and sleeve plugs.
(5) Cord Connector. The cord connector for a separable power-supply cable assembly, as specified in 626.25(A) (1), shall be a 2-pole, 3-wire grounding type rated 20 amperes, 125 volts. The cord connector for a separable power-supply cable assem- bly, as specified in 626.25(A) (2), shall be a 3-polc, 4-wirc grounding typc rated 30 amperes, 208Y/120 volts or 125/250 volts. The 125/250-volt cord connector shall be permitted to be used on a 208Y/120-volt, single-phase circuit.
Exception: The cord connector for a separable power supply cable assem- bly, rated 15 amperes, provided for the connection of an engine block heater for existing vehicles, shall have an attachment plug that shall be 2-pole, 3-wire grounding type rated 15 amperes, 125 volts.
Informational Note: See UL 1686-2012, Pin and Sleeve Configura- tions, Figure C2.9 or Part C3, for various configurations of 30- ampere cord connectors.
626.26 Loss of Primary Power. Mcans shall be provided such that, upon loss of voltage from the utility or other electric supply system(s), energy cannot be back-fed through the truck and the truck supply equipment to the electrified truck parking space wiring system unless permitted in 626.27.
626.27 Interactive Systems. Electrified truck parking space supply cquipment and other parts of a system, cither on-board or off-board the vehicle, that are identified for and intended to be interconnected to a vehicle and also serve as an optional standby system or an electric power production source or provide for bi-directional power feed shall be listed as suitable for that purpose. When used as an optional standby system, the requirements of Article 702 shall apply, and when used as an
70-562
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
630.8
ARTICLE 630 - ELECTRIC WELDERS
electric power production source, the requirements of Arti- cle 705 shall apply.
Part IV. Transport Refrigerated Units (TRUs)
626.30 Transport Refrigerated Units. Electrified truck parking spaces intended to supply transport refrigerated units (TRUs) shall include an individual branch circuit and receptacle for operation of the refrigeration/heating units. The receptacle associated with the TRUs shall be provided in addition to the receptacles required in 626.24(B).
(A) Branch Circuits. TRU spaces shall be supplied from 208- volt, 3-phase, 240-volt, 3-phase, or 480-volt, 3-phase branch circuits and with an equipment grounding conductor.
(B) Electrified Truck Parking Space Supply Equipment. The electrified truck parking space supply equipment, or portion thereof, providing electric power for the operation of TRUS shall be independent of the loads in Part III of Article 626.
626.31 Disconnecting Means and Receptacles.
(A) Disconnecting Means. Disconnecting means shall be provi- ded to isolate cach refrigerated unit from its supply connec- tion. A disconnecting means shall be provided and installed in a readily accessible location and shall be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
(B) Location. The disconnecting means shall be readily acces- sible, located not more than 750 mm (30 in.) from the recepta- cle it controls, and located in the supply circuit ahead of the receptacle. Circuit breakers or switches located in power outlets complying with this section shall be permitted as the disconnecting means.
(C) Receptacles. All receptacles shall be listed and of the grounding typc. Every electrified truck parking space intended to provide an electrical supply for TRU's shall be equipped with one or more of the following:
(1) A 30-ampere, 480-volt, 3-phase, 3-pole, 4-wire receptacle
(2) A 60-ampere, 208-volt, 3-phase, 3-pole, 4-wire receptacle
(3) A 20-ampere, 1000-volt, 3-phase, 3-polc, 4-wire receptacle, pin and sleeve type
(4) A 60-ampere, 250-volt, 3-phase, 3-pole, 4-wire receptacle
(5) A 60-ampere, 480-volt, 3-phase, 3-pole, 4-wire receptacle
Informational Note: See U'L 1686-2012, Pin and Slerve Configura- tions, Figure C2.11, for complete details of the 30-ampere pin and sleeve receptacle configuration for refrigerated containers (TRUs) and for various configurations of 60-ampere pin and sleeve receptacles.
626.32 Separable Power Supply Cable Assembly. A scparable power supply cable assembly, consisting of a cord with an attachment plug and cord connector, shall be one of the types and ratings specified in 626.32(A), (B), and (C). Cords with adapters and pigtail ends, extension cords, and similar items shall not be used.
(A) Rating(s). The power supply cable assembly shall be listed and rated in accordance with one of the following:
(1) A 30-ampere, 480-volt, 3-phase assembly
(2) A 60-ampere, 208-volt, 3-phase assembly
(3) A 20-ampere, 1000-volt, 3-phase assembly
(4) A 60-ampere, 480-volt, 3-phase assembly
(5) A 60-ampere, 250-volt, 3-phase assembly
(B) Cord Assemblies. The cord shall be a listed type with four conductors, for 3-phase connection, one of which shall be iden- tified in accordance with 400.23 for use as the equipment grounding conductor. Extra-hard usage cables rated not less than 90° (194°F), 600 volts, listed for both wet locations and sunlight resistance, and having an outer jacket rated to be resistant to temperature extremes, oil, gasoline, ozone, abra- sion, acids, and chemicals, shall be permitted where flexibility is necessary between the electrified truck parking space supply cquipment and the inlet(s) on the TRU.
(C) Attachment Plug(s) and Cord Connector(s). Where a flexi- ble cord is provided with an attachment plug and cord connec- tor, they shall comply with 250.138(A). The attachment plug(s) and cord connector(s) shall be listed, by itself or as part of the power-supply cable assembly, for the purpose and shall be molded to or installed on the flexible cord so that it is secured tightly to the cord at the point where the cord enters the attachment plug or cord connector. If a right-angle cap is used, the configuration shall be oriented so that the grounding member is farthest from the cord. An attachment plug and cord connector for the connection of a truck or trailer shall be rated in accordance with one of the following:
(1) 30-ampere, 480-volt, 3-phase, 3-pole, 4-wire and intended for use with 30-ampere, 480-volt, 3-phase, 3-polc, 4-wirc receptacles and inlets, respectively
(2) 60-ampere, 208-volt, 3-phase, 3-polc, 4-wire and intended for use with 60-ampere, 208-volt, 3-phase, 3-polc, 4-wirc receptacles and inlets, respectively .
(3) 20-ampere, 1000-volt, 3-phase, 3-pole, 4-wire and inten- ded for use with 20-ampere, 1000-volt, 3-phase, 3-polc, 4- wire receptacles and inlets, respectively
(4) 60-ampere, 480-volt, 3-phase, 3-polc, 4-wire and intended for use with 60-ampere, 480-volt, 3-phase, 3-pole, 4-wirc receptacles and inlets, respectively
(5) 60-ampere, 250-volt, 3-phase, 3-polc, 4-wire and intended for use with 60-ampere, 250-volt, 3-phase, 3-polc, 4-wirc receptacles and inlets, respectively
Informational Note: See UL 1686-2012, Pin and Slerve Configura- tions, Figures C2.12 and C2.11, for complete details of the 30- ampere pin and sleeve receptacle configuration for refrigerated containers (TRU's) and for various configurations of 60-ampere pin and sleeve receptacles.
ARTICLE 630 Electric Welders
Part I. General
630.1 Scope. This article covers apparatus for electric arc welding, resistance welding, plasma cutting, and other similar welding and cutting process equipment that is connected to an electrical supply system.
630.6 Listing. All welding and cutting power equipment under the scope of this article shall be listed.
630.8 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter Protection for Person- nel. All 125-volt, 15- and 20-ampere receptacles for electrical hand tools or portable lighting equipment, supplied by single- phase branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground, installed
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-563
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
630.11
ARTICLE 630 - ELECTRIC WELDERS
in work arcas where welders are operated shall have ground- fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel.
Part II. Arc Welders
630.11 Ampacity of Supply Conductors. The ampacity of conductors for arc welders shall be in accordance with 630.11(A) and (B).
(A) Individual Welders. The ampacity of the supply conduc- tors shall be not less than the Ietf value on the rating plate. Alternatively, if the len is not given, the ampacity of the supply conductors shall not be less than the current value determined by multiplying the rated primary current in amperes given on the welder rating plate by the factor shown in Table 630.11 (A) based on the duty cycle of the welder.
(B) Group of Welders. Minimum conductor ampacity shall be based on the individual currents determined in 630.11 (A) as the sum of 100 percent of the two largest welders, plus 85 percent of the third largest welder, plus 70 percent of the fourth largest welder, plus 60 percent of all remaining welders.
Exception: Perrentage values lower than those given in 630.11(B) shall be permitted in cases where the work is such that a high-operating duty cycle for individual welders is impossible.
Informational Note: Duty cycle considers welder loading based on the use to be made of each welder and the number of weld- ers supplied by the conductors that will be in use at the same time. The load value used for each welder considers both the magnitude and the duration of the load while the welder is in use.
630.12 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection for arc welders shall be as provided in 630.12(A) and (B). Where the values as determined by this section do not correspond to the standard ampere ratings provided in 240.6 or where the rating or setting specified results in unnecessary opening of the overcurrent device, the next higher standard rating or setting shall be permitted.
(A) For Welders. Each welder shall have overcurrent protec- tion rated or set at not more than 200 percent of /1max. Alterna- tively, if the Imwx is not given, the overcurrent protection shall be rated or set at not more than 200 percent of the rated primary current of the welder.
Table 630.11(A) Duty Cycle Multiplication Factors for Arc Welders
Multiplier for Arc Welders
Duty Cycle
Nonmotor Generator
Motor Generator
100
1.00
1.00
90
0.95
0.96
80
0.89
0.91
70
0.84
0.86
60
0.78
0.81
50
0.71
0.75
40
0.63
0.69
30
0.55
0.62
20 or less
0.45
0.55
An overcurrent device shall not be required for a welder that has supply conductors protected by an overcurrent device rated or set at not more than 200 percent of Jim or at the rated primary current of the welder.
If the supply conductors for a welder are protected by an overcurrent device rated or set at not more than 200 percent of Ilmax or at the rated primary current of the welder, a separate overcurrent device shall not be required.
(B) For Conductors. Conductors that supply one or more welders shall be protected by an overcurrent device rated or set at not more than 200 percent of the conductor ampacity.
Informational Note: Imx is the maximum value of the rated supply current at maximum rated output. het is the maximum value of the effective supply current, calculated from the rated supply current (11), the corresponding duty cycle (duty factor) (X), and the supply current at no-load (10) by the following equation:
[630.12(B)]
Ietf =Vrix+12(1-X)
630.13 Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting means shall be provided in the supply circuit for cach arc welder that is not cquipped with a disconnect mounted as an integral part of the welder.
The disconnecting means shall be a switch, circuit breaker, or listed cord-and-plug connector, and its rating shall be not less than that necessary to accommodate overcurrent protec- tion as specified in 630.12.
630.14 Marking. A rating plate shall be provided for arc weld- crs giving the following information:
(1) Name of manufacturer
(2) Frequency
(3) Number of phases
(4) Primary voltage
(5) Ilmax and heff or rated primary current
(6) Maximum open-circuit voltage
(7) Rated secondary current
(8) Basis of rating, such as the duty cycle
630.15 Grounding of Welder Secondary Circuit. The secon- dary circuit conductors of an arc welder, consisting of the elec- trode conductor and the work conductor, shall not be considered as premises wiring for the purpose of applying Arti- clc 250.
Informational Note: Connecting welder secondary circuits to grounded objects can create parallel paths and can cause objec- tionable current over equipment grounding conductors.
Part III. Resistance Welders
630.31 Ampacity of Supply Conductors. The ampacity of the supply conductors for resistance welders shall be in accordance with 630.31 (A) and (B).
Informational Note: The ampacity of the supply conductors for resistance welders necessary to limit the voltage drop to a value permissible for the satisfactory performance of the welder is usually greater than that required to prevent overheating.
70-564
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 640 -AUDIO SIGNAL PROCESSING, AMPLIFICATION, AND REPRODUCTION EQUIPMENT
640.1
(A) Individual Welders. The ampacity of conductors for indi- vidual welders shall comply with the following:
(1) The ampacity of the supply conductors for a welder that can be operated at different times at different values of primary current or duty cycle shall not be less than 70 percent of the rated primary current for scam and automatically fed welders, and 50 percent of the rated primary current for manually operated nonautomatic welders.
(2) The ampacity of the supply conductors for a welder wired for a specific operation for which the actual primary current and duty cycle are known and remain unchanged shall not be less than the product of the actual primary current and the multiplier specified in Table 630.31 (A) for the duty cycle at which the welder will be operated.
(B) Groups of Welders. The ampacity of conductors that supply two or more welders shall not be less than the sum of the value obtained in accordance with 630.31 (A) for the largest welder supplied and 60 percent of the values obtained for all the other welders supplied.
Informational Note: Explanation of Terns
(1) The rated primary current is the rated kilovolt-amperes (kVA) multiplied by 1000 and divided by the rated primary voltage, using values given on the nameplate.
(2) The actual primary current is the current drawn from the supply circuit during each welder operation at the partic- ular heat tap and control setting used.
(3) The duty cycle is the percentage of the time during which the welder is loaded. For instance, a spot welder supplied by a 60-Hz system (216,000 cycles per hour) and making 400 15-cycle welds per hour would have a duty cycle of 2.8 percent (400 multiplied by 15, divided by 216,000, multiplied by 100). A seam welder operating 2 cycles "on" and 2 cycles "off" would have a duty cycle of 50 percent.
630.32 Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection for resistance welders shall be as provided in 630.32(A) and (B). Where the values as determined by this section do not corre- spond with the standard ampere ratings provided in 240.6 or where the rating or setting specified results in unnecessary opening of the overcurrent device, a higher rating or setting that does not exceed the next higher standard ampere rating shall be permitted.
(A) For Welders. Each welder shall have an overcurrent device rated or set at not more than 300 percent of the rated primary
Table 630.31 (A) Duty Cycle Multiplication Factors for Resistance Welders
Duty Cycle (%)
Multiplier
50
0.71
40
0.63
30
0.55
25
0.50
20
0.45
15
0.39
10
0.32
7.5
0.27
5 or less
0.22
current of the welder. If the supply conductors for a welder arc protected by an overcurrent device rated or set at not more than 200 percent of the rated primary current of the welder, a separate overcurrent device shall not be required.
(B) For Conductors. Conductors that supply one or more welders shall be protected by an overcurrent device rated or set at not more than 300 percent of the conductor ampacity.
630.33 Disconnecting Means. A switch or circuit breaker shall be provided by which cach resistance welder and its control equipment can be disconnected from the supply circuit. The ampere rating of this disconnecting means shall not be less than the supply conductor ampacity determined in accordance with 630.31. The supply circuit switch shall be permitted as the welder disconnecting means where the circuit supplies only once welder.
630.34 Marking. A nameplate shall be provided for cach resist- ance welder, giving the following information:
(1) Name of manufacturer
(2) Frequency
(3) Primary voltage
(4) Rated kilovolt-amperes (kVA) at 50 percent duty cycle
(5) Maximum and minimum open-circuit secondary voltage
(6) Short-circuit secondary current at maximum secondary voltage
(7) Specified throat and gap setting
Part IV. Welding Cable
630.41 Conductors. Insulation of conductors intended for use in the secondary circuit of electric welders shall be flame retardant.
630.42 Installation. Cables shall be permitted to be installed in a dedicated cable tray as provided in 630.42(A), (B), and (C).
(A) Cable Support. The cable tray shall provide support at not greater than 150-mm (6-in.) intervals.
(B) Spread of Fire and Products of Combustion. The installa- tion shall comply with 300.21.
(C) Signs. A permanent sign shall be attached to the cable tray at intervals not greater than 6.0 m (20 ft). The sign shall read as follows:
CABLE TRAY FOR WELDING CABLES ONLY
ARTICLE 640 Audio Signal Processing, Amplification, and Reproduction Equipment
Part I. General
640.1 Scope.
(A) Covered. This article covers equipment and wiring for audio signal generation, recording, processing, amplification, and reproduction; distribution of sound; public address; speech input systems; temporary audio system installations; and
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-565
640.1
ARTICLE 640 -AUDIO SIGNAL PROCESSING, AMPLIFICATION, AND REPRODUCTION EQUIPMENT
electronic organs or other electronic musical instruments. This also includes audio systems subject to Article 517, Part VI, and Articles 518, 520, 525, and 530.
Informational Note: Examples of permanently installed distrib- uted audio system locations include, but are not limited to, restaurant, hotel, business office, commercial and retail sales environments, churches, and schools. Both portable and perma- nently installed equipment locations include, but are not limited to, residences, auditoriums, theaters, stadiums, and movie and television studios. Temporary installations include, but are not limited to, auditoriums, theaters, stadiums (which use both temporary and pennanently installed systems), and outdoor events such as fairs, festivals, circuses, public events, and concerts.
(B) Not Covered. This article does not cover the installation and wiring of fire and burglary alarm signaling devices.
640.3 Locations and Other Articles. Circuits and equipment shall comply with 640.3(A) through (V), as applicable.
(A) Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Section 300.21 shall apply.
(B) Ducts, Plenums, and Other Air-Handling Spaces. Section 300.22(B) shall apply to circuits and equipment instal- led in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air. Section 300.22(C) shall apply to circuits and equipment instal- led in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums).
Exception No. 1: Class 2 and Class 3 cables installed in accordance with 722.135(B) shall be permitted to be installed in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air.
Exception No. 2: Class 2 and Class 3 cables installed in accordance with 722.135(B) shall be permitted to be installed in other spares used for environmental air (plenums).
Informational Note: See NFPA 90A, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, 4.3.11.2.6.5, which permits loudspeakers, loudspeaker assemblies, and their acces- sories listed in accordance with UL 2043-2013, Fire Test for Heat and Visible Smoke Release for Discrete Products and Their Accessories Installed in Air-Handling Spaces, to be installed in other spaces used for environmental air (ceiling cavity plenums).
(C) Communications Cables. Types CMP, CMR, CMG, and CM communications cables shall be permitted to substitute for Class 2 and Class 3 cables in accordance with 722.135(E).
(D) Cable Trays. Cable trays and cable tray systems shall be installed in accordance with Part II of Article 392. The installa- tion of Class 2, Class 3, and Typc PLTC cables in cable trays shall be in accordance with 722.135(B).
(E) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Equipment used in hazardous (classified) locations shall comply with the applica- ble requirements of Chapter 5.
(F) Assembly Occupancies. Equipment used in assembly occu- pancies shall comply with Article 518.
(G) Theaters, Audience Areas of Motion Picture and Televi- sion Studios, and Similar Locations. Equipment used in thea- ters, audience arcas of motion picture and television studios, and similar locations shall comply with Article 520.
(H) Carnivals, Circuses, Fairs, and Similar Events. Equipment used in carnivals, circuses, fairs, and similar events shall comply with Article 525.
(I) Motion Picture and Television Studios. Equipment used in motion picture and television studios shall comply with Article 530.
(J) Swimming Pools, Fountains, and Similar Locations. Audio equipment used in or near swimming pools, fountains, and similar locations shall comply with Article 680.
(K) Combination Systems. Where the authority having juris- diction permits audio systems for paging or music, or both, to be combined with fire alarm systems, the wiring shall comply with Article 760.
Informational Note: See NFPA 72, National Fire Alarm and Signal- ing Code, and NFPA 101, Lafe Safety Code, for installation require- ments for such combination system.s.
(L) Antennas. Equipment used in audio systems that contain an audio or video tuner and an antenna input shall comply with Article 810. Wiring other than antenna wiring that connects such equipment to other audio equipment shall comply with this article.
(M) Generators. Generators shall be installed in accordance with 445.10 through 445.12, 445.14 through 445.16, and 445.18. Grounding of portable and vehicle-mounted genera- tors shall be in accordance with 250.34.
(N) Organ Pipes. Additions of pipe organ pipes to an elec- tronic organ shall be in accordance with 650.4 through 650.9.
640.4 Protection of Electrical Equipment. Amplifiers, loud- speakers, and other equipment shall be so located or protected as to guard against environmental exposure or physical damage, such as might result in fire, shock, or personal hazard.
640.5 Access to Electrical Equipment Behind Panels Designed to Allow Access. Access to equipment shall not be denied by an accumulation of wires and cables that prevents removal of panels, including suspended ceiling panels.
640.6 Mechanical Execution of Work.
(A) Installation of Audio Distribution Cables. Cables installed exposed on the surface of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported in such a manner that the audio distribution cables will not be damaged by normal building usc. Such cables shall be secured by straps, staples, cable tics, hangers, or similar fittings designed and installed so as not to damage the cable. The installation shall conform to 300.4 and 300.11 (A).
(B) Abandoned Audio Distribution Cables. The accessible portion of abandoned audio distribution cables shall be removed.
(C) Installed Audio Distribution Cable Identified for Future Use.
(1) Cable Identification Means. Cables identified for future usc shall be marked with a tag of sufficient durability to with- stand the environment involved.
(2) Cable Tag Criteria. Cable tags shall have the following information:
(1) Date cable was identified for future use
(2) Date of intended usc
(3) Information related to the intended future use of cable
70-566
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
640.10
ARTICLE 640 -AUDIO SIGNAL PROCESSING, AMPLIFICATION, AND REPRODUCTION EQUIPMENT
640.7 Grounding.
(A) General. Wircways and auxiliary gutters shall be connec- ted to an equipment grounding conductor(s), to an equipment bonding jumper, or to the grounded conductor where permit- ted or required by 250.92(B) (I) or 250.142. Where the wireway or auxiliary gutter does not contain power-supply wires, the equipment grounding conductor shall not be required to be larger than 14 AWG copper or its equivalent. Where the wire- way or auxiliary gutter contains powersupply wires, the equip- ment grounding conductor shall not be smaller than specified in 250.122.
(B) Separately Derived Systems with 60 Volts to Ground. Grounding of separately derived systems with 60 volts to ground shall be in accordance with 647.6.
(C) Isolated Ground Receptacles. Isolated grounding-type receptacles shall be permitted as described in 250.146(D), and for the implementation of other technical power systems in compliance with Article 250. For separately derived systems with 60 volts to ground, the branch-circuit equipment ground- ing conductor shall be terminated as required in 647.6(B).
Informational Note: See 406.3(E) for grounding-type recepta- cles and required identification.
640.8 Grouping of Conductors. Insulated conductors of differ- ent systems grouped or bundled so as to be in close physical contact with cach other in the same raceway or other enclo- sure, or in portable cords or cables, shall comply with 300.3(C) (1).
640.9 Wiring Methods.
(A) Wiring to and Between Audio Equipment.
(1) Power Wiring. Wiring and cquipment from source of power to and between devices connected to the premises wiring systems shall comply with the requirements of Chap- ters I through 4, except as modified by this article.
(2) Separately Derived Power Systems. Separately derived systems shall comply with the applicable articles of this Code, except as modified by this article. Separately derived systems with 60 volts to ground shall be permitted for use in audio system installations as specified in Article 647.
(3) Other Wiring. All wiring not connected to the premises wiring system or to a wiring system separately derived from the premises wiring system shall comply with Part II of Article 725.
(B) Auxiliary Power Supply Wiring. Equipment that has a separate input for an auxiliary power supply shall be wired in compliance with Article 725. Battery installation shall be in accordance with Article 480. This section shall not apply to the use of uninterruptible power supply (UPS) equipment, or other sources of supply, that are intended to act as a direct replacement for the primary circuit power source and are connected to the primary circuit input.
Informational Note: See NFPA 72-2019, National Fire Alarm and Signaling Code, where equipment is used for a fire alann system.
(C) Output Wiring and Listing of Amplifiers. Amplifiers with output circuits carrying audio program signals shall be permit- ted to employ Class 1, Class 2, or Class 3 wiring where the amplifier is listed and marked for use with the specific class of wiring method. Such listing shall ensure the energy output is equivalent to the shock and fire risk of the same class as stated
in Articles 724 and 725. Overcurrent protection shall be provi- ded and shall be permitted to be inherent in the amplifier.
Audio amplifier output circuits wired using Class 1 wiring methods shall be considered equivalent to Class 1 circuits and shall be installed in accordance with 724.46, where applicable.
Audio amplifier output circuits wired using Class 2 or Class 3 wiring methods shall be considered equivalent to Class 2 or Class 3 circuits, respectively. They shall use conductors insula- ted at not less than the requirements of 722.179 and shall be installed in accordance with 722.135 and 725.136 through 725.144.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 1711-2016, Amplifiers for Fire Protective Signaling Systems, which contains requirements for the listing of amplifiers used for fire alarm systems in compliance with NFPA 72-2019, National Fire Alarm and Signaling Code.
Informational Note No. 2: See LL 813-1996, Commercial Audio Equipment, UL 1419-2016, Professional Video and Audio Equipment, ANSI/CL 1492-1996, Audio-Video Products and Accessories, UL 6500-1999, Audio/Video and Musical Instrument Apparatus for Household, Commercial, and Similar Use, and UL 62368-1-2014, Audio/Video, Information and Communication Technology Equipment - Part 1: Safety Requirements, for examples of requirements for listing amplifiers used in residential, commercial, and professio- nal use.
(D) Use of Audio Transformers and Autotransformers. Audio transformers and autotransformers shall be used only for audio signals in a manner so as not to exceed the manufacturer's stated input or output voltage, impedance, or power limita- tions. The input or output wires of an audio transformer or autotransformer shall be allowed to connect directly to the amplifier or loudspeaker terminals. No electrical terminal or Icad shall be required to be grounded or bonded.
640.10 Audio Systems Near Bodies of Water. Audio systems ncar bodies of water, cither natural or artificial, shall be subject to the restrictions specified in 640.10(A) and (B).
Exception: This section does not include audio systems intended for use on boats, yachts, or other forms of land or water transportation used near bodies of water, whether or not supplied by branch-circuit power.
Informational Note: See 680.27(A) for installation of underwa- ter audio equipment.
(A) Equipment Supplied by Branch-Circuit Power. Audio system equipment supplied by branch-circuit power shall not be placed horizontally within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside wall of a pool, spa, hot tub, or fountain, or within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the prevailing or tidal high water mark. In addition to the require- ments in 210.8(B), the equipment shall be provided with branch-circuit power protected by a ground-fault circuit inter- rupter where required by other articles.
(B) Equipment Not Supplied by Branch-Circuit Power. Audio system equipment powered by a listed Class 2 power supply or by the output of an amplifier listed as permitting the use of Class 2 wiring shall be restricted in placement only by the manufacturer's recommendations.
Informational Note: See 640.10(A) for placement of the power supply or amplifier if supplied by branch-circuit power.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-567
640.21
ARTICLE 640 -AUDIO SIGNAL PROCESSING, AMPLIFICATION, AND REPRODUCTION EQUIPMENT
Part II. Permanent Audio System Installations
640.21 Use of Flexible Cords and Cables.
(A) Between Equipment and Branch-Circuit Power. Power supply cords for audio equipment shall be suitable for the use and shall be permitted to be used where the interchange, main- tenance, or repair of such equipment is facilitated through the use of a power-supply cord.
(B) Between Loudspeakers and Amplifiers or Between Loud- speakers. Cables used to connect loudspeakers to cach other or to an amplifier shall comply with Article 722. Other listed cable types and assemblies, including optional hybrid commu- nications, signal, and hybrid optical fiber cables, shall be permitted.
(C) Between Equipment. Cables used for the distribution of audio signals between equipment shall comply with Article 722. Other listed cable types and assemblies, including optional hybrid communications, signal, and hybrid optical fiber cables, shall be permitted. Other cable types and assemblies specified by the equipment manufacturer as acceptable for the use shall be permitted in accordance with 110.3(B).
Informational Note: See 770.3 for the classification of composite optical fiber cables.
(D) Between Equipment and Power Supplies Other Than Branch-Circuit Power. The following power supplies, other than branch-circuit power supplies, shall be installed and wired between equipment in accordance with this Code for the voltage and power delivered:
(1) Storage batteries
(2) Transformers
(3) Transformer rectifiers
(4) Other ac or dc power supplies
Informational Note: For some equipment, these sources such as in items (1) and (2) serve as the only source of power. These could, in turn, be supplied with intermittent or continuous branch-circuit power.
(E) Between Equipment Racks and Premises Wiring System. Flexible cords and cables shall be permitted for the electrical connection of permanently installed equipment racks to the premises wiring system to facilitate access to equipment or for the purpose of isolating the technical power system of the rack from the premises ground. Connection shall be made either by using approved plugs and receptacles or by direct connection within an approved enclosure. Flexible cords and cables shall not be subjected to physical manipulation or abuse while the rack is in usc.
640.22 Wiring of Equipment Racks and Enclosures. Mctal equipment racks and enclosures shall be bonded and groun- ded. Bonding shall not be required if the rack is connected to a technical power ground.
Wires, cables, structural components, or other equipment shall not be placed in such a manner as to prevent reasonable access to equipment power switches and resettable or replacca- ble circuit overcurrent protection devices.
Supply cords or cables, if used, shall terminate within the equipment rack enclosure in an identified connector assembly. The supply cords or cable (and connector assembly if used) shall have sufficient ampacity to carry the total load connected
to the equipment rack and shall be protected by overcurrent devices.
640.23 Conduit or Tubing.
(A) Number of Conductors. The number of conductors permitted in a single conduit or tubing shall not exceed the percentage fill specified in Table I, Chapter 9.
(B) Nonmetallic Conduit or Tubing and Insulating Bushings. The use of nonmetallic conduit or tubing and insulating bush- ings shall be permitted where a technical power system is employed and shall comply with applicable articles.
640.24 Wireways, Gutters, and Auxiliary Gutters. The use of metallic and nonmetallic wireways, gutters, and auxiliary gutters shall be permitted for use with audio signal conductors and shall comply with applicable articles with respect to permit- ted locations, construction, and fill.
640.25 Loudspeaker Installation in Fire Resistance-Rated Partitions, Walls, and Ceilings. Loudspeakers installed in a fire resistance-rated partition, wall, or ceiling shall be listed and labeled, or identified as speaker assemblies for fire resistance, or installed in an enclosure or recess that maintains the fire resistance rating.
Informational Note: Fire-rated construction is the fire-resistive classification used in building codes.
Part III. Portable and Temporary Audio System Installations
640.41 Multipole Branch-Circuit Cable Connectors. Multipolc branch-circuit cable connectors, male and female, for power- supply cords and cables shall be so constructed that tension on the cord or cable is not transmitted to the connections. The female half shall be attached to the load end of the power supply cord or cable. The connector shall be rated in amperes and designed so that differently rated devices cannot be connected together. Alternating-current multipole connectors shall be polarized and comply with 406.7(A) and (B) and 406.10. Alternating-current or direct-current multipole connec- tors utilized for connection between loudspeakers and amplifi- ers, or between loudspeakers, shall not be compatible with nonlocking 15- or 20-ampere rated connectors intended for branch-circuit power or with connectors rated 250 volts or greater and of either the locking or nonlocking type. Signal cabling not intended for such loudspeaker and amplifier inter- connection shall not be permitted to be compatible with multi- pole branch-circuit cable connectors of any accepted configuration.
Informational Note: See 400.14 for pull at terminals. 640.42 Use of Flexible Cords and Cables.
(A) Between Equipment and Branch-Circuit Power. Power supply cords for audio equipment shall be listed and shall be permitted to be used where the interchange, maintenance, or repair of such equipment is facilitated through the use of a power-supply cord.
(B) Between Loudspeakers and Amplifiers, or Between Loud- speakers. Installation of flexible cords and cables used to connect loudspeakers to cach other or to an amplifier shall comply with Part I of Article 400 and Parts I, II, and III of Arti- cle 725, respectively. Cords and cables listed for portable usc, cither hard or extra-hard usage as defined by Article 400, shall
70-568
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
645.3
ARTICLE 645 -INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EQUIPMENT
also be permitted. Other listed cable types and assemblies, including optional hybrid communications, signal, and hybrid optical fiber cables, shall be permitted.
(C) Between Equipment and/or Between Equipment Racks. Installation of flexible cords and cables used for the distribu- tion of audio signals between equipment shall comply with Parts I and II of Article 400 and Parts I, II, and III of Arti- cle 725, respectively. Cords and cables listed for portable usc, cither hard or extra-hard service as defined by Article 400, shall also be permitted. Other listed cable types and assemblies, including optional hybrid communications, signal, and hybrid optical fiber cables, shall be permitted.
(D) Between Equipment, Equipment Racks, and Power Supplies Other Than Branch-Circuit Power. Wiring between the following power supplies, other than branch-circuit power supplies, shall be installed, connected, or wired in accordance with this Code for the voltage and power required:
(1) Storage batterics
(2) Transformers
(3) Transformer rectifiers
(4) Otherac or dc power supplies
(E) Between Equipment Racks and Branch-Circuit Power. The supply to a portable equipment rack shall be by means of listed extra-hard usage cords or cables, as defined in Table 400.4. For outdoor portable or temporary use, the cords or cables shall be further listed as being suitable for wet locations and sunlight resistant. Sections 520.5, 520.10, and 525.3 shall apply as appro- priate when the following conditions cxist:
(1) Where equipment racks include audio and lighting and/or power equipment
(2) When using or constructing cable extensions, adapters, and breakout as.semblics
640.43 Wiring of Equipment Racks. Equipment racks fabrica- ted of metal shall be bonded and grounded. Nonmetallic racks with covers (if provided) removed shall not allow access to Class 1, Class 3, or primary circuit power without the removal of covers over terminals or the use of tools.
Wires, cables, structural components, or other equipment shall not be placed in such a manner as, to prevent reasonable access to equipment power switches and resettable or replacca- ble circuit overcurrent protection devices.
Wiring that exits the equipment rack for connection to other equipment or to a power supply shall be relieved of strain or otherwise suitably terminated such that a pull on the flexible cord or cable will not increase the risk of damage to the cable or connected equipment such as to cause an unreasonable risk of fire or electric shock.
640.44 Environmental Protection of Equipment. Portable equipment not listed for outdoor use shall be permitted only where appropriate protection of such equipment from adverse weather conditions is provided to prevent risk of fire or electric shock. Where the system is intended to remain operable during adverse weather, arrangements shall be made for maintaining operation and ventilation of heat-dissipating equipment.
640.45 Protection of Wiring. Where accessible to the public, flexible cords and cables laid or run on the ground or on the floor shall be covered with approved nonconductive mats. Cables and mats shall be arranged so as not to present a trip-
ping hazard. The cover requirements of 300.5 shall not apply to wiring protected by burial.
640.46 Equipment Access. Equipment likely to present a risk of fire, electric shock, or physical injury to the public shall be protected by barriers or supervised by qualified personnel so as to prevent public access.
ARTICLE 645 Information Technology Equipment
645.1 Scope. This article covers equipment, power-supply wiring, equipment interconnecting wiring, and grounding of information technology equipment and systems in an informa- tion technology equipment room.
Informational Note: See NFPA 75, Standard for the Fire Protection of Information Technology Equipment, which covers the require- ments for the protection of information technology equipment and infonnation technology equipment areas.
645.3 Other Articles. Circuits and equipment shall comply with 645.3(A) through (I), as applicable.
(A) Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Sections 300:21, 770.26, and 800.26 shall apply to penctrations of the fire-resistant room boundary.
(B) Wiring and Cabling in Other Spaces Used for Environmen- tal Air (Plenums). The following sections and tables shall apply to wiring and cabling in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) above an information technology equipment room:
(1) Wiring methods: 300.22(C) (1)
(2) Class 2, Class 3, and PLTC cables: 722.135(B)
(3) Fire alarm systems: 760.53(B) (2) and Table 760.154
(4) Optical fiber cables: 770.113(C) and Table 770.154(a)
(5) Communications circuits: 800.133(C) and Table 800.154(a)
(6) CATV and radio distribution systems: 800.113(C) and Table 800.154(a)
(C) Bonding and Grounding. The non-current-carrying conductive members of optical fiber cables in an information technology equipment room shall be bonded and grounded in accordance with 770.114.
(D) Electrical Classification of Data Circuits. Section 725.60(A) (4) shall apply to the electrical classification of listed information technology equipment signaling circuits.
(E) Fire Alarm Cables and Equipment. Parts I, II, and III of Article 760 shall apply to fire alarm systems cables and equip- ment installed in an information technology equipment room. Only fire alarm cables listed in accordance with Part IV of Arti- cle 760 and listed fire alarm equipment shall be permitted to be installed in an information technology equipment room.
(F) Cable Routing Assemblies, Communications Wires, Cables, Raceways, and Equipment. Scctions 800.110, 800.113, and 800.154 shall apply to cable routing assembliesand communi- cations raceways. Parts I, II, III, IV, and V of Articles 800 and 805 shall apply to communications wircs, cables, and cquip-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-569
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
645.3
ARTICLE 645 -INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EQUIPMENT
ment installed in an information technology equipment room. Only communications wires and cables listed in accordance with 800.179, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways listed in accordance with 800.182, and communica- tions equipment listed in accordance with 800.171 shall be permitted to be installed in an information technology equip- ment room. Article 645 shall apply to the powering of commu- nications equipment in an information technology equipment room.
Informational Note: See Article 100, Definitions, for a definition of communications equipment.
(G) Community Antenna Television and Radio Distribution Systems Cables and Equipment. Parts I, II, III, IV, and V of Articles 800 and 820 shall apply to community antenna televi- sion and radio distribution systems cables and equipment installed in an information technology equipment room. Only community antenna television and radio distribution cables listed in accordance with 800.179 and listed CATV equipment shall be permitted to be installed in an information technology equipment room. Article 645 shall apply to the powering of community antenna television and radio distribution systems equipment installed in an information technology equipment room.
(H) Optical Fiber Cables. Only optical fiber cables listed in accordance with 770.179 shall be permitted to be installed in an information technology equipment room.
(I) Cables Not in Information Technology Equipment Room. Cables extending beyond the information technology equip- ment room shall be subject to the applicable requirements of this Code.
645.4 Special Requirements for Information Technology Equipment Room. The alternative wiring methods to Chap- ter 3 and Parts I and II of Article 725 for signaling wiring and Parts I and V of Article 770 for optical fiber cabling shall be permitted where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) Disconnecting means complying with 645.10 are provi- ded.
(2) A heating/ventilating/air-conditioning (IVAC) system is provided in one of the methods identified in the follow- ing:
a. A separate HVAC system that is dedicated for informa- tion technology equipment use and is separated from other areas of occupancy
b. An HVAC system that serves other occupancies and meets all of the following:
(i) Also serves the information technology equip- ment room
(ii) Provides fire/smoke dampers at the point of penetration of the room boundary
(iii) Activates the damper operation upon initiation by smoke detector alarms, by operation of the disconnecting means required by 645.10, or by both
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 75-2020, Standard for the Fire Protection of Information Technology Equipment, Chap- ter 11, Section 11.1, 11.1.1, 11.1.2, and 11.1.3, for further information.
(3) All information technology and communications cquip- ment installed in the room is listed.
(4) The room is occupied by, and accessible to, only those personnel needed for the maintenance and functional operation of the installed information technology cquip- ment.
(5) The room is separated from other occupancies by fire- resistant-rated walls, floors, and ceilings with protected openings.
Informational Note No. 2: SeeNFPA 75-2020, Standard for the Fire Protection of Information Technology Equipment, Chap- ter 6, for further information on room construction requirements.
(6) Only electrical equipment and wiring associatedwith the operation of the information technology room is installed in the room.
Informational Note No. 3: HVAC systems, communica- tions systems, and monitoring systems such as telephone, fire alarm systems, security systems, water detection systems, and other related protective equipment are examples of equipment associated with the operation of the information technology room.
645.5 Supply Circuits and Interconnecting Cables.
(A) Branch-Circuit Conductors. The branch-circuit conductors supplying one or more units of information technology equip- ment shall have an ampacity not less than 125 percent of the total connected load.
(B) Power-Supply Cords. Information technology equipment shall be permitted to be connected to branch circuits by power- supply cords that comply with the following:
(1). Power-supply cords shall not exceed 4.5 m (15 ft).
(2) Power-supply cords shall be listed and a type permitted for use on listed information technology equipment or shall be constructed of listed flexible cord and listed attachment plugs and cord connectors of a type permit- ted for information technology equipment.
(3) Plugs and receptacles used to connect the power-supply cords shall be listed and identified for the system voltage and current applicd.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL. 60950-1, Safety of Information Technology Equipment - Safety - Part 1: General Requirements; or UL 62368-1, Audio/Video, Information and Communication Technol- ogy Equipment -Part 1: Safety Requirements, for one method of determining if cords are of a permitted type.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/NEMA WD-6, Wiring Devi- ces - Dimensional Sperifications, which identifies plug and recep- tacle configurations L25-30P and L25-30R for 240 Vac and L26-30P and L26-30R for 240/415 Vac.
(C) Interconnecting Cables. Scparate information technology equipment units shall be permitted to be interconnected by means of listed cables and cable assemblies. The 4.5 m (15 ft) limitation in 645.5(B) (1) shall not apply to interconnecting cables.
(D) Physical Protection. Where exposed to physical damage, power-supply cords, branch-circuit supply conductors, and interconnecting cables shall be protected.
(E) Under Raised Floors. Where the arca under the floor is accessible and openings minimize the entrance of debris beneath the floor, power-supply cords, communications cables, connecting cables, interconnecting cables, cord-and-plug connections, and receptacles associated with the information technology equipment shall be permitted under a raised floor
70-570
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
645.10
ARTICLE 645 -INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EQUIPMENT
of approved construction. The installation requirement shall comply with 645.5(E) (1) through (E) (3).
(1) Installation Requirements for Branch-Circuit Supply Conductors Under a Raised Floor.
(a) The supply conductors shall be installed in accord- ance with 300.11.
(b) In addition to the wiring methods of 300.22(C), the following wiring methods shall also be permitted:
(1) Rigid metal conduit
(2) Rigid nonmetallic conduit
(3) Intermediate metal conduit
(4) Electrical metallic tubing
(5) Electrical nonmetallic tubing
(6) Metal wireway
(7) Nonmetallic wireway
(8) Surface metal raceway with metal cover
(9) Surface nonmetallic raceway
(10) Flexible metal conduit
(11) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit
(12) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit
(13) Type MI cable
(14) Typc MC cable
(15) Type AC cable
(16) Associated metallic and nonmetallic boxes or enclosures
(17) Type TC power and control tray cable
(2) Installation Requirements for Power-Supply Cords, Data Cables, Interconnecting Cables, and Grounding Conductors Under a Raised Floor. The following cords, cables, and conductors shall be permitted to be installed under a raised floor:
(1) Powersupply cords of listed information technology equipment in accordance with 645.5(B).
(2) Interconnecting cables enclosed in a raceway.
(3) Equipment grounding conductors.
(4) Where the air space under a raised floor is protected by an automatic fire suppression system, in addition to wiring installed in compliance with 722.135(B), Types CL2R, CL3R, CL2, and CL.3 and substitute cables, includ- ing CMP, CMR, CM, and CMG, installed in accordance with 722.135(E) shall be permitted under raised floors.
(5) Where the air space under a raised floor is not protected by an automatic fire suppression system, in addition to wiring installed in compliance with 722.135(B), substitute cable Type CMP installed in accordance with 722.135(E) shall be permitted under raised floors.
(6) Listed Type DP cable having adequate fire-resistant char- acteristics suitable for use under raised floors of an infor- mation technology equipment room.
Informational Note: See CSA "Vertical Flame Test-Cables in Cable Trays" as described in CSA C22.2 No. 0.3, Test Methods for Electrical Wires and Cables, for one method of defining resistance to the spread of fire where the damage (char length) of the cable does not exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.) or "UL Flame Expo- sure, Vertical Flame Tray Test" in UL 1685, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables. The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
(3) Installation Requirements for Optical Fiber Cables Under a Raised Floor. The installation of optical fiber cables shall comply with cither of the following:
(1) Where the air space under a raised floor is protected by an automatic fire suppression system, optical fiber cables
installed in accordance with 770.113(C), Types OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC shall be permitted under raised floors.
(2) Where the air space under a raised floor is not protected by an automatic fire suppression system, only optical fiber cables installed in accordance with 770.113(C) shall be permitted under raised floors.
(F) Securing in Place. Power-supply cords; communications cables, connecting cables, interconnecting cables, and associ- ated boxes, connectors, plugs, and receptacles that are listed as part of, or for, information technology equipment shall not be required to be secured in place where installed under raised floors.
Informational Note: See 300.11 for securement requirements for raceways and cables not listed as part of, or for, information technology equipment.
(G) Abandoned Supply Circuits and Interconnecting Cables. The accessible portion of abandoned supply circuits and inter- connecting cables shall be removed unless contained in a race- way.
(H) Installed Supply Circuits and Interconnecting Cables Iden- tified for Future Use.
(1) Cable Identification Means. Supply circuits and intercon- necting cables identified for future use shall be marked with a tag of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved.
(2) Cable Tag Criteria. Supply circuit tags and interconnect- ing cable tags shall have the following information:
(1) Date identified for future use
(2) Date of intended use
(3) Information relating to the intended future use
645.10 Disconnecting Means. An approved means shall bc provided to disconnect power to all electronic equipment in the information technology equipment room or in designated zones within the room. There shall also be a similar approved means to disconnect the power to all dedicated HVAC systems serving the room or designated zones and to cause all required fire/smoke dampers to close. The disconnecting means shall comply with cither 645.10(A) or (B).
Exception: These requirements shall not apply to installations comply- ing with Article 685.
(A) Remote Disconnect Controls.
(1) Emergency Access. Remote disconnect controls shall be located at approved locations readily accessible in case of fire to authorized personnel and emergency responders.
(2) Disconnect Identification. The remote disconnect means for the control of electronic equipment power and HVAC systems shall be grouped and identified. A single means to control both systems shall be permitted.
(3) Fire/Smoke Zone Isolation. Where multiple zones arc created, cach zone shall have an approved means to confine fire or products of combustion to within the zonc.
(4) System Operation Continuity. Additional means to prevent unintentional operation of remote disconnect controls shall be permitted.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-571
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
645.10
ARTICLE 645 -INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EQUIPMENT
Informational Note: See NFPA 75, Standard for the Fire Protection of Information Technology Equipment, for further information.
(B) Critical Operations Data Systems. Remote disconnecting controls shall not be required for critical operations data systems when all of the following conditions are met:
(1) An approved procedure has been established and main- tained for removing power and air movement within the room or zonc.
(2) Qualified personnel are continuously available to advise emergency responders and to instruct them of discon- necting methods.
(3) A smoke-sensing fire detection system is in placc.
Informational Note: See NFPA 72, National Fire Alarn and Signal- ing Code, for further information.
(4) An approved fire suppression system suitable for the application is in place.
(5) Cables installed under a raised floor, other than branch- circuit wiring, and power cords are installed in compli- ance with 645.5(E)(2) or (E)(3), or in compliance with Table 645.10(B).
645.11 Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). UPS systems installed within the information technology equipment room and their supply and output circuits shall comply with 645.10, except for the following installations and constructions:
(1) Installations complying with Parts I and II of Article 685
(2) Power sources limited to 750 volt-amperes or less derived cither from UPS equipment or from battery circuits inte- gral to electronic equipment
The disconnecting means shall also disconnect the battery from its load.
Informational Note: See UL 1778, Uninterruptible Power Systems, and UL 62368-1, Audio/Video, Information and Communication Technology Equipment - Part 1: Safety Requirements, for informa- tion on product listings for electronic equipment disconnecting means and backup battery power sources.
645.14 System Grounding. Separately derived power systems shall be installed in accordance with Parts I and II of Arti- cle 250. Power systems derived within listed information tech- nology equipment that supply information technology systems through receptacles or cable assemblies supplied as part of this equipment shall not be considered separately derived for the purpose of applying 250.30.
645.15 Equipment Grounding and Bonding. All exposed non- current-carrying metal parts of an information technology system shall be bonded to the equipment grounding conductor in accordance with Parts 1, V, VI, VII, and VIII of Article 250 or shall be double insulated. Where signal reference structures are installed, they shall be bonded to the equipment grounding conductor provided for the information technology cquip- ment. Any auxiliary grounding electrode (s) installed for infor- mation technology equipment shall be installed in accordance with 250.54.
Informational Note: See 250.146(D) and 406.3(E) for informa- tion on isolated grounding-type receptacles.
645.16 Marking. Each unit of an information technology system supplied by a branch circuit shall be provided with a manufacturer's nameplate, which shall also include the input power requirements for voltage, frequency, and maximum rated load in amperes.
645.17 Power Distribution Units. Power distribution units that are used for information technology equipment shall be permitted to have multiple panelboards within a single cabinet if the power distribution unit is utilization equipment listed for information technology application.
645.18 Surge Protection for Critical Operations Data Systems. A listed surge-protective device (SPD) shall be installed for crit- ical operations data systems in accordance with Part II of Arti- clc 242.
645.25 Engineering Supervision. As an alternative to the feeder and service load calculations required by Parts IIl and IV of Article 220, feeder and service load calculations for new or existing loads shall be permitted to be used if provided by qualified persons under engineering supervision.
645.27 Selective Coordination. Critical operations data system(s) overcurrent protective devices shall be selectively coordinated with all supply-side overcurrent protective devices.
Selective coordination shall be selected by a licensed profes- sional engineer or other qualified persons engaged primarily in the design, installation, or maintenance of electrical systems. The selection shall be documented and made available to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, and operate the system.
Table 645.10(B) Cables Installed Under Raised Floors
Cable Type
Applicable Sections
Branch circuits under raised floors Supply cords of listed information technology equipment
645.5(E)(1) 645.5(E)(2)(1), 300.22(C)
722.135(B)
770.113(C) and Table 770.154(a)
800.113(C) and Tables 800.154(a), (b), and (c)
800.113(C) and Table 800.134(a)
70-572
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Class 2 and Class 3 remote control and PLTC cables in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) Optical fiber cable in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums)
Communications wires and cables, cable routing assemblies,and communications raceways in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) Coaxial CATV and radio distribution cables in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums)
646.3
ARTICLE 646- MODULAR DATA CENTERS
ARTICLE 646 Modular Data Centers
Part I. General
646.1 Scope. This article covers modular data centers.
Informational Note No. 1: Modular data centers include the installed information technology equipment (ITE) and support equipment, electrical supply and distribution, wiring and protec- tion, working space, grounding, HVAC, and the like, that are located in an equipment enclosure.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 75, Standard for the Fire Protection of Information Technology Equipment, which covers the requirements for the protection of information technology equipment and systems in an information technology equip- ment room.
Informational Note No. 3: See UL 60950-1, Information Technol- ogy Equipment - Safety - Part 1: General Requirements, and UL. 62368-1, Audio/Video, Information and Communication Technol- ogy Equipment - Part 1: Safety Requirements, for information on listing requirements for both information technology equip- ment and communications equipment contained within a modular data center.
Informational Note No. 4: Modular data centers are sometimes referred to as containerized data centers.
Informational Note No. 5: Equipment enclosures housing only support equipment (e.g., HVAC or power distribution equip- ment) that are not part of a specific modular data center are not considered a modular data center.
646.3 Other Articles. Circuits and equipment shall comply with 646.3(A) through (M) as applicable. Wherever the requirements of other articles of this Code and Article 646 differ, the requirements of Article 646 shall apply.
(A) Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Sections 300.21, 770.26, and 800.26 shall apply to penetrations of a fire- resistant room boundary, if provided.
(B) Wiring and Cabling in Other Spaces Used for Environmen- tal Air (Plenums). The following sections and tables shall apply to wiring and cabling in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) within a modular data center space:
(1) Wiring methods: 300.22(C) (1)
(2) Class 2, Class 3, and PLTC cables: 722.135(B)
(3) Fire alarm systems: 760.53(B) (2) and Table 760.154
(4) Optical fiber cables: 770.113(C) and Table 770.154(a)
(5) Communications circuits: 800.113(C) and Table 800.154(a)
(6) CATV and radio distribution systems: 800.113(C) and Table 800.154(a)
Informational Note: Enviromnentally controlled working spaces, aisles, and equipment areas in an MDC are not considered a plenum.
(C) Grounding and Bonding. The non-current-carrying conductive members of optical fiber cables in an MDC shall be grounded in accordance with 770.114. Grounding and bond- ing of communications protectors, cable shields, and non- current-carrying metallic members of cable shall comply with Part IV of Article 805.
(D) Electrical Classification of Data Circuits.
Section 725.60(A) (4) shall apply to the electrical classification of listed information technology equipment signaling circuits.
(E) Fire Alarm Equipment. Parts I, II, and III of Article 760 shall apply to fire alarm systems, cables, and equipment instal- led in an MDC, where provided. Only fire alarm cables listed in accordance with Part IV of Article 760 and listed fire alarm equipment shall be permitted to be installed in an MDC.
(F) Cable Routing Assemblies and Communications Wires, Cables, Raceways, and Equipment. Sections 800.110, 800.113, and 800.154 shall apply to cable routing assemblies and communications raceways. Parts I, II, III, IV, and V of Articles 800 and 805 shall apply to communications wires, cables, and equipment installed in an MDC. Only communications wires and cables listed in accordance with 800.179, cable routing assemblies and communications raceways listed in accordance with 800.182, and communications equipment listed in accord- ance with 800.171 shall be permitted to be installed in an VDC.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for a definition of communi- cations equipment.
(G) Community Antenna Television and Radio Distribution Systems Cables and Equipment. Parts I, II, III, IV, and V of Articles 800 and 820 shall apply to community antenna televi- sion and radio distribution systems equipment installed in an MDC. Only community antenna television and radio distribu- tion cables listed in accordance with 800.179 and listed CATV equipment shall be permitted to be installed in an MDC.
(H) Surge-Protective Devices (SPDs). Where provided, surge- protective devices shall be listed and labeled and installed in accordance with Part II of Article 242.
(I) Lighting. Lighting shall be installed in accordance with Parts I through XIV of Article 410.
(J) Power Distribution Wiring and Wiring Protection. Power distribution wiring and wiring protection within an MDC shall comply with Parts I, II, and III of Article 210 for branch circuits.
(K) Wiring Methods and Materials. Wiring methods and mate- rials shall comply with the following:
(1) Unless modified elsewhere in this article, wiring methods and materials for power distribution shall comply with Chapter 3. Wiring shall be suitable for its use and installa- tion and shall be listed and labeled.
Exception: This requirement shall not apply to wiring that is part of listed and labeled equipment.
(2) The following wiring methods shall not be permitted:
a. Integrated gas spacer cable: Type IGS (Article 326)
b. Concealed knob-and-tube wiring (Article 394)
c. Messenger-supported wiring (Article 396)
d. Open wiring on insulators (Article 398)
c. Outdoor overhead conductors over 600 volts (Arti- clc 395)
(3) Wiring in arcas under a raised floor that are constructed and used for ventilation as described in 645.5(E) shall be permitted to use the wiring methods described in 645.5(E) if the conditions of 645.4 are met.
(4) Installation of wiring for remote-control, signaling, and power-limited circuits shall comply with Part II of Arti- clc 725.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-573
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
646.3
ARTICLE 646 - MODULAR DATA CENTERS
(5) Installation of optical fiber cables shall comply with Part V of Article 770.
(6) Alternate wiring methods as permitted by Article 645 shall be permitted for MDCs, provided that all of the conditions of 645.4 arc met.
(L) Service Equipment. For an MDC that is designed such that it can be powered from a separate electrical service, the service equipment for control and protection of services and their installation shall comply with Parts I, V, VI, and VII of Article 230. The service equipment and their arrangement and instal- lation shall permit the installation of the service-entrance conductors in accordance with Parts I and IV of Article 230. Service equipment shall be listed and labeled and marked as being suitable for use as service equipment.
(M) Disconnecting Means. An approved means shall be provi- ded to disconnect power to all electronic equipment in the MDC in accordance with 645.10. There shall also be a similar approved means to disconnect the power to all dedicated HVAC systems serving the MDC that shall cause all required fire/smoke dampers to close.
646.4 Applicable Requirements. All MDCs shall be listed and labeled and comply with 646.3 (M) and 646.5 through 646.9 or comply with this article.
Informational Note: See UL Subject 2755, Outline of Investigation for Modular Data Centers, for information on listing requirements for MDCs.
646.5 Nameplate Data. A permanent nameplate shall be attached to cach equipment enclosure of an MDC and shall be plainly visible after installation. The nameplate shall include the following information, as applicable:
(1) Supply voltage, number of phases, frequency, and full- load current. The full-load current shown on the name- plate shall not be less than the sum of the full-load currents required for all motors and other equipment that may be in operation at the same time under normal conditions of usc. Where unusual type loads, duty cycles, and so forth, require oversized conductors or permit reduced-size conductors, the required capacity shall be included in the marked full-load current. Where more than one incoming supply circuit is to be provided, the nameplate shall state the preceding information for cach circuit. For listed equipment, the full-load current shown on the nameplate shall be permitted to be the maximum, measured, 15-minute, average full-load current.
Informational Note No. 1: See 430.22(E) and 430.26 for duty cycle requirements.
(2) For MDCs powered by a separate service, the short-circuit current rating of the service equipment provided as part of the MDC.
Informational Note No. 2: This rating may be part of the service equipment marking.
(3) For MDCs powered by a separate service, if the required service as determined by Parts III and IV of Article 220 is less than the rating of the service panel used, the required service shall be included on the nameplate. As an alternative to the feeder and service load calculations required by Parts III and IV of Article 220, feeder and service load calculations for new, future, or existing loads shall be permitted to be used if performed by qualified persons under engineering supervision.
Informational Note No. 3: Branch circuits supplying ITE loads are assumed to be loaded not less than 80 percent of the branch-circuit rating with a 100 percent duty cycle.
(4) Electrical diagram number(s) or the number of the index to the electrical drawings.
(5) For MDC equipment enclosures that are not powered by a separate service, feeder, or branch circuit, a reference to the powering equipment.
(6) Manufacturer's name or trademark.
646.6 Supply Conductors and Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Size. The size of the supply conductor shall be such as to have an ampacity not less than 125 percent of the full-load current rating.
Informational Note No. 1: See the 0-2000-volt ampacity tables of Article 310 for ampacity of conductors rated 600 V and below.
Informational Note No. 2: See 430.22(E) and 430.26 for duty cycle requirements.
(B) Overcurrent Protection. Where overcurrent protection for supply conductors is furnished as part of the MDC, overcurrent protection for cach supply circuit shall comply with 646.6(B) (1) through (B) (2).
(1) Service Equipment - Overcurrent Protection. Service conductors shall be provided with overcurrent protection in accordance with 230.90 through 230.95.
(2) Taps and Feeders. Where overcurrent protection for supply conductors is furnished as part of the MDC as permitted by 240.21, the overcurrent protection shall comply with the following:
(1) The overcurrent protection shall consist of a single circuit breaker or set of fuses.
(2) The MDC shall be marked "OVERCURRENT PROTEC- TION PROVIDED AT MDC SUPPLY TERMINALS."
(3) The supply conductors shall be considered either as feed- ers or as taps and be provided with overcurrent protec- tion complying with 240.21.
646.7 Short-Circuit Current Rating.
(A) Service Equipment. The service equipment of an MDC that connects directly to a service shall have a short-circuit current rating not less than the available fault current of the service.
(B) MDCs Connected to Branch Circuits and Feeders. Modu- lar data centers that connect to a branch circuit or a feeder circuit shall have a short-circuit current rating not less than the available fault current of the branch circuit or feeder. The short-circuit current rating of the MDC shall be based on the short-circuit current rating of a listed and labeled MDC or the short-circuit current rating established using an approved method.
Exception: This requirement shall not apply to listed and labeled equip- ment connected to branch circuits located inside of the MDC equipment enclosure.
Informational Note: See UL 508A-2018, Standard for Industrial Control Panels, Supplement SB, for an example of an approved method.
(C) MDCs Powered from Separate MDC System Enclosures. Modular data center equipment enclosures, powered from a separate MDC system enclosure that is part of the specific MDC
70-574
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
646.19
ARTICLE 646- MODULAR DATA CENTERS
system, shall have a short-circuit current rating coordinated with the powering module in accordance with 110.10.
Informational Note: See UL 508A-2018, Standard for Industrial Control Panels, Supplement SB, for an example of an approved method for detennining short-circuit current ratings.
646.8 Field-Wiring Compartments. A field-wiring compart- ment in which service or feeder connections are to be made shall be readily accessible and comply with the following:
(1) Permit the connection of the supply wires after the MDC is installed
(2) Permit the connection to be introduced and readily connected
(3) Be located so that the connections may be readily inspec- ted after the MDC is installed
646.9 Flexible Power Cords and Cables for Connecting Equip- ment Enclosures of an MDC System.
(A) Uses Permitted. Flexible power cords and cables shall be permitted to be used for connections between equipment enclosures of an MDC system where not subject to physical clamage.
Informational Note: One example of flexible power cord usage for connections between equipment enclosures of an MDC system is between an MDC enclosure containing only servers and one containing power distribution equipment.
(B) Uses Not Permitted. Flexible power cords and cables shall not be used for connection to external sources of power.
Informational Note: Examples of external sources of power are electrical services, feeders, and premises branch circuits.
(C) Listing. Where flexible power cords or cables are used, they shall be listed as suitable for extra-hard usage. Where used outdoors, flexible power cords and cables shall also be listed as suitable for wet locations and shall be sunlight resistant.
(D) Single-Conductor Cable. Single-conductor power cable shall be permitted to be used only in sizes 2 AWG or larger.
Part II. Equipment
646.10 Electrical Supply and Distribution. Equipment used for electrical supply and distribution in an MDC, including fittings, devices, luminaires, apparatus,' machinery, and the like, shall comply with Parts I and II of Article 110.
646.11 Distribution Transformers.
(A) Utility-Owned Transformers. Utility-owned distribution transformers shall not be permitted in an MDC.
(B) Non-Utility-Owned Premises Transformers. Non-utility- owned premises distribution transformers installed in the vicin- ity of an MDC shall be of the dry type or the type filled with a noncombustible dielectric medium. Such transformers shall be installed in accordance with Parts I and II of Article 450. Non- utility-owned premises distribution transformers shall not be permitted in an MDC.
(C) Power Transformers. Power transformers that supply power only to the MDC shall be permitted to be installed in the MDC equipment enclosure. Only dry-type transformers shall be permitted to be installed in the MDC equipment enclosure. Such transformers shall be installed in accordance with Parts I, II, and III of Article 450.
646.12 Receptacles. At least one 125-volt ac, 15- or 20-ampere- rated duplex convenience outlet shall be provided in cach work arca of the MDC to facilitate the powering of test and measurement equipment that may be required during routine maintenance and servicing, without having to route flexible power cords through or across doorways or around line-ups of equipment, or the like.
646.13 Other Electrical Equipment. Electrical equipment that is an integral part of the MDC, including information technol- ogy equipment, lighting, control, power, HVAC (heating, venti- lation, and air-conditioning), emergency lighting, alarm circuits, and so forth, shall comply with the requirements for its usc and installation and shall be listed and labeled.
646.14 Installation and Use. Listed and labeled equipment shall be installed and used in accordance with any instructions or limitations included in the listing.
Part III. Lighting
646.15 General Illumination. Illumination shall be provided for all workspaces and arcas that are used for exit access and cxit discharge. The illumination shall be arranged so that the failure of any single lighting unit does not result in a complete loss of illumination.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2018, Life Safety Code, Section 7.8, for information on illumination of means of egress.
646.16 Emergency Lighting. Arcas that are used for exit access and exit discharge shall be provided with emergency lighting. Emergency lighting systems shall be listed and labeled equip- ment installed in accordance with the manufacturer's instruc- tions.
Informational Note: See NFPA 101-2018, Life Safety Code, Section 7.9, for information on emergency lighting.
646.17 Emergency Lighting Circuits. No appliances or lamps, other than those specified as required for emergency use, shall be supplied by emergency lighting circuits. Branch circuits supplying emergency lighting shall be installed to provide serv- ice from storage batteries, generator sets, UPS, separate service, fuel cells, or unit equipment. No other equipment shall be connected to these circuits unless the emergency lighting system includes a backup system where only the lighting is supplied by battery circuits under power failure conditions. All boxes and enclosures (including transfer switches, generators, and power panels) for emergency circuits shall be marked to identify them as components of an emergency circuit or system.
Part IV. Workspace
646.18 General. Space about electrical equipment shall comply with 110.26.
646.19 Entrance to and Egress from Working Space. For equipment over 1.8 m (6 ft) wide or deep, there shall be one entrance to and egress from the required working space not less than 610 mm (24 in.) wide and 2.0 m (6 1/g ft) high at cach end of the working space. Doors shall open to the full extent of their designed egress opening and be equipped with listed panic hardware or listed fire exit hardware. A single entrance to and egress from the required working space shall be permit- ted where either of the conditions in 646.19(A) or (B) is met.
2023Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-575
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
646.19
ARTICLE 647 -SENSITIVE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT
(A) Unobstructed Egress. Where the location permits a continuous and unobstructed way of egress travel, a single entrance to the working space shall be permitted.
(B) Extra Working Space. Where the depth of the working space is twice that required by 110.26(A) (1), a single entrance shall be permitted. It shall be located such that the distance from the equipment to the nearest edge of the entrance is not less than the minimum clear distance specified in Table 110.26(A) (1) for equipment operating at that voltage and in that condition.
646.20 Working Space for ITE.
(A) Low-Voltage Circuits. The working space about ITE where any live parts that may be exposed during routine servicing operate at not greater than 30 volts rms, 42 volts peak, or 60 volts de shall not be required to comply with the workspace requirements of 646.19.
(B) Other Circuits. Any arcas of ITE that require servicing of parts that are greater than 30 volts rms, 42 volts pcak, or 60 volts de shall comply with the workspace requirements of 646.19.
Informational Note No. 1: For example, field-wiring compart- ments for ac mains connections, power distribution units, and so forth.
Informational Note No. 2: It is assumed that ITE operates at voltages not exceeding 1000 volts.
646.21 Work Areas and Working Space About Batteries. Work- ing space about a battery system shall comply with 110.26. Working space shall be measured from the edges of the battery racks, cabinets, or trays.
646.22 Workspace for Routine Service and Maintenance. Workspace shall be provided to facilitate routine servicing and maintenance (those tasks involving operations that can be accomplished by employees and where extensive disassembly of equipment is not required). Routine servicing and mainte- nance shall be able to be performed without exposing the worker to a risk of electric shock or personal injury.
Informational Note: An example of such routine maintenance is cleaning or replacing an air filter.
ARTICLE 647 Sensitive Electronic Equipment
647.1 Scope. This article covers the installation and wiring of separately derived systems operating at 120 volts linc-to-linc and 60 volts to ground for sensitive electronic equipment.
647.3 General. Usc of a separately derived 120-volt single- phase 3-wire system with 60 volts on cach of two ungrounded conductors to an equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted for the purpose of reducing objectionable noise in sensitive electronic equipment locations, provided the follow- ing conditions apply:
(1) The system is installed only in commercial or industrial occupancies.
(2) The system's use is restricted to arcas under close supervi- sion by qualified personnel.
(3) All of the requirements in 647.4 through 647.8 arc met.
647.4 Wiring Methods.
(A) Panelboards and Overcurrent Protection. Usc of standard single-phase panelboards and distribution equipment with a higher voltage rating shall be permitted. The system shall be clearly marked on the face of the panel or on the inside of the panel doors. Common trip two-pole circuit breakers or a combination two-pole fused disconnecting means that are iden- tified for use at the system voltage shall be provided for both ungrounded conductors in all feeders and branch circuits. Branch circuits and feeders shall be provided with a means to simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded conductors.
(B) Junction Boxes. All junction box covers shall be clearly marked to indicate the distribution panel and the system volt- agc.
(C) Conductor Identification. All feeders and branch-circuit conductors installed under this section shall be identified as to system at all splices and terminations by color, marking, tagging, or cqually effective means. The means of identification shall be posted at each branch-circuit panelboard and at the disconnecting means for the building.
(D) Voltage Drop. The voltage drop on any branch circuit shall not exceed 1.5 percent. The combined voltage drop of feeder and branch-circuit conductors shall not exceed 2.5 percent.
(1) Fixed Equipment. The voltage drop on branch circuits supplying cquipment connected using wiring methods in Chapter 3 shall not exceed 1.5 percent. The combined voltage drop of feeder and branch-circuit conductors shall not exceed 2.5 percent.
(2) Cord-Connected Equipment. The voltage drop on branch circuits supplying receptacles shall not exceed 1 percent. For the purposes of making this calculation, the load connected to the receptacle outlet shall be considered to be 50 percent of the branch-circuit rating. The combined voltage drop of feeder and branch-circuit conductors shall not exceed 2.0 percent.
Informational Note: The purpose of this provision is to limit voltage drop to 1.5 percent where portable cords may be used as a means of connecting equipment.
647.5 Three-Phase Systems. Where 3-phase power is supplied, a separately derived 6-phase "wyc" system with 60 volts to ground installed under this article shall be configured as three separately derived 120-volt single-phase systems having a combined total of no more than six disconnects.
647.6 Grounding.
(A) General. The transformer secondary center tap of the 60/120-volt, 3-wire system shall be grounded as provided in 250.30.
(B) Equipment Grounding Conductors Required. Perma- nently wired utilization equipment and receptacles shall be grounded by means of an equipment grounding conductor run with the circuit conductors and connected to an equipment grounding bus prominently marked "Technical Equipment Ground" in the branch-circuit panelboard. The equipment grounding bus shall be connected to the grounded conductor on the line side of disconnecting means supplied by the sepa-
70-576
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
650.6
ARTICLE 650 - PIPE ORGANS
rately derived system. The equipment grounding conductor shall not be smaller than that specified in Table 250.122 and run with the feeder conductors. The technical equipment grounding bus shall not be required to be bonded to the panel- board enclosure. Other equipment grounding methods author- ized elsewhere in this Code shall be permitted where the impedance of the equipment grounding return path does not exceed the impedance of equipment grounding conductors sized and installed in accordance with this article.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.122 for equipment ground- ing conductor sizing requirements where circuit conductors are adjusted in size to compensate for voltage drop.
Informational Note No. 2: These requirements limit the impe- dance of the ground fault return path where only 60 volts apply to a fault condition instead of the usual 120 volts.
647.7 Receptacles.
(A) General. Where receptacles are used as a means of connecting equipment, the following conditions shall be met:
(1) All 15- and 20-ampere receptacles shall be GFCI protec- ted.
(2) All receptacle outlet strips, adapters, receptacle covers, and faceplates shall be marked with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING - TECHNICAL POWER Do not connect to lighting equipment. For electronic equipment use only. 60/120 V. 1@ac GFCI protected
The warning sign (s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(3) A 125-volt, single-phase, 15- or 20-ampere-rated recepta- cle having one of its current-carrying poles connected to a grounded circuit conductor shall be located within 1.8 m (6 ft) of all permanently installed 15- or 20-ampere- rated 60/120-volt technical power-system receptacles.
(4) All 125-volt receptacles used for 60/120-volt technical power shall have a unique configuration and be identi- ficd for use with this class of system.
Exception: Receptacles and attachment plugs rated 125-volt, single- phase, 15- or 20-amperes, and that are identified for use with grounded circuit conductors, shall be permitted in machine rooms, control rooms, equipment rooms, equipment racks, and other similar locations that are restricted to use by qualified personnel.
(B) Isolated Ground Receptacles. Isolated ground receptacles shall be permitted as described in 250.146(D); however, the branch-circuit equipment grounding conductor shall be termi- nated as required in 647.6(B).
647.8 Lighting Equipment. Lighting cquipment installed under this article for the purpose of reducing electrical noise originating from lighting equipment shall meet the conditions of 647.8(A) through (C).
(A) Disconnecting Means. All luminaires connected to sepa- rately derived systems operating at 60 volts to ground, and asso- ciated control equipment if provided, shall have a disconnecting means that simultaneously opens all ungroun- ded conductors. The disconnecting means shall be located within sight of the luminaire or be lockable open in accord- ance with 110.25.
(B) Luminaires. All luminaires shall be permanently installed and listed for connection to a separately derived system at 120 volts linc-to-line and 60 volts to ground.
(C) Screw Shell. Luminaires installed under this section shall not have an exposed lamp screw shell.
ARTICLE 650 Pipe Organs
650.1 Scope. This article covers those electrical circuits and parts of electrically operated pipe organs that are employed for the control of the keyboards and of the pipe organ sounding apparatus, typically organ pipes.
Informational Note: The typical pipe organ is a very large musi- cal instrument that is huilt as part of a building or structure.
650.3 Other Articles. Installations of circuits and equipment shall comply with 650.3(A) and (B) as applicable. Wherever the requirements of other articles in Chapters 1 through 7 of this Code and Article 650 differ, the requirements of Article 650 shall apply.
(A). Electronic Organ Equipment. Installations of digital/ analog-sampled sound production technology and associated audio signal processing, amplification, reproduction cquip- ment, and wiring installed as part of a pipe organ shall be in accordance with Article 640.
(B) Optical Fiber Cable. Installations of optical fiber cables shall be in accordance with Parts I and V of Article 770.
650.4 Source of Energy. DC power shall be supplied by a listed dc power supply with a maximum output of 30 volts.
Informational Note: Class 1 power-limited power supplies are often utilized in pipe organ applications.
650.5 Grounding or Double Insulation of the DC Power Supply. The installation of the dc power supply shall comply with cither of the following:
(1) The de power supply shall be double insulated.
(2) The metallic case of the de power supply shall be bonded to the input equipment grounding conductor.
650.6 Conductors. Conductors shall comply with 650.6(A) through (D).
(A) Size. The minimum conductor size shall be not less than 28 AWG for electronic signal circuits and not less than 26 AWG for electromagnetic valve supply and the like. The minimum conductor size of a main common-return conductor in the electromagnetic supply shall not be less than 14 AWG.
(B) Insulation. Conductors shall have thermoplastic or ther- mosetting insulation.
(C) Conductors to Be Cabled. Except for the common-return conductor and conductors inside the organ proper, the organ sections and the organ console conductors shall be cabled. The common-return conductors shall be permitted under an addi- tional covering enclosing both cable and return conductor, or
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-577
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
650.6
ARTICLE 660 - X-RAY EQUIPMENT
they shall be permitted as a separate conductor and shall be permitted to be in contact with the cable.
(D) Cable Covering. Each cable shall be provided with an outer covering, cither overall or on cach of any subassemblies of grouped conductors. Tape shall be permitted in place of a covering. Where not installed in metal raceway, the covering shall be resistant to flame spread, or the cable or cach cable subassembly shall be covered with a closely wound listed fire- proof tapc.
Informational Note: See U'L 2556-2015, Wire, Cables and Cable Test Methods, for one method of determining that cable is resist- ant to flame spread by testing the cable to the FV-2/VW-1 Test.
650.7 Installation of Conductors. Cables shall be securely fastened in place and shall be permitted to be attached directly to the organ structure without insulating supports. Splices shall not be required to be enclosed in boxes or other enclosures. Control equipment and busbars connecting common-return conductors shall be permitted to be attached directly to the organ structure without insulation supports. Abandoned cables that are not terminated at equipment shall be identified with a tag of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved.
650.8 Overcurrent Protection. Circuits shall be so arranged that 20 AWG through 28 AWG conductors shall be protected by an overcurrent device rated at not more than 6 amperes. Other conductor sizes shall be protected in accordance with their ampacity. A common return conductor shall not require over- current protection.
650.9 Protection from Accidental Contact. The wiring of the pipe organ sounding apparatus shall be within the lockable enclosure (organ chamber) where the exterior pipes shall be permitted to form part of the enclosure.
Informational Note: Access to the pipe organ sounding appara- tus and the associated circuitry is restricted by an enclosure. In most pipe organ installations, exterior pipes fonn part of the enclosure. In other installations, the pipes are covered by mill- work that permits the passage of sound.
ARTICLE 660 X-Ray Equipment
Part I. General
660.1 Scope. This article covers all X-ray equipment operating at any frequency or voltage for industrial or other nonmedical or nondental usc.
Informational Note: See Article 317, Part V, for X-ray installa- tions in health care facilities.
Nothing in this article shall be construed as specifying safe- guards against the useful beam or stray X-ray radiation.
Informational Note No. 1: Radiation safety and performance requirements of several classes of X-ray equipment are regulated under Public Law 90-602 and are enforced by the Departinent of Health and Human Services.
Informational Note No. 2: In addition, infonnation on radiation protection by the National Council on Radiation Protection and
Measurements is published as Reports of the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurement. These reports can be obtained from NCRP Publications, 7910 Woodmont Ave., Suite 1016, Bethesda, MD 20814.
660.3 Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Unless identified for the location, X-ray and related equipment shall not be installed or operated in hazardous (classified) locations.
Informational Note: See Article 317, Part IV, for additional information.
660.4 Connection to Supply Circuit.
(A) Fixed and Stationary Equipment. Fixed and stationary X-ray equipment shall be connected to the power supply by means of a wiring method meeting the general requirements of this Code. Equipment properly supplied by a branch circuit rated at not over 30 amperes shall be permitted to be supplied through a suitable attachment plug cap and hard-service cable or power-supply cord.
(B) Portable, Mobile, and Transportable Equipment. Individ- ual branch circuits shall not be required for portable, mobile, and transportable X-ray equipment requiring a capacity of not over 60 amperes. Portable and mobile types of X-ray cquip- ment of any capacity shall be supplied through a suitable hard- service cable or power-supply cord. Transportable X-ray equipment of any capacity shall be permitted to be connected to its power supply by suitable connections and hard-service cable or power-supply cord.
(C) Over 1000 Volts, Nominal. Circuits and equipment oper- ated at more than 1000 volts, nominal, shall comply with Arti- clc 490.
660.5 Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting means of adequate capacity for at least 50 percent of the input required for the momentary rating, or 100 percent of the input required for the long-time rating, of the X-ray equipment, whichever is greater, shall be provided in the supply circuit. The disconnect- ing means shall be located within sight from the X-ray control and readily accessible.
Exception: The disconnecting means for the X-ray equipment shall not be required under either of the following conditions, provided that the controller disconnecting means is lockable open in accordance with 110.25:
(1) Where such a location of the disconnecting means for the X-ray equipment is impracticable or introduces additional or increased hazards to persons or property
(2) In industrial installations, with written safety procedures, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the equipment
660.6 Rating of Supply Conductors and Overcurrent Protec- tion.
(A) Branch-Circuit Conductors. The ampacity of supply branch-circuit conductors and the overcurrent protective devi- ces shall not be less than 50 percent of the momentary rating or 100 percent of the long-time rating, whichever is greater.
(B) Feeder Conductors. The ampacity of conductors and the rating of overcurrent devices of a feeder for two or more branch circuits supplying X-ray units shall not be less than 100 percent of the momentary demand rating [as determined by 660.6(A)] of the two largest X-ray apparatus plus 20 percent of the momentary ratings of other X-ray apparatus.
70-578
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
665.7
ARTICLE 665 - INDUCTION AND DIELECTRIC HEATING EQUIPMENT
Informational Note: The minimum conductor size for branch and feeder circuits is also governed by voltage regulation requirements. For a specific installation, the manufacturer usually specifies minimum distribution transformer and conduc- tor sizes, rating of disconnect means, and overcurrent protec- tion.
660.7 Wiring Terminals. X-ray equipment not provided with a permanently attached power-supply cord shall be provided with suitable wiring terminals or leads for the connection of power- supply conductors of the size required by the rating of the branch circuit for the equipment.
660.9 Minimum Size of Conductors. Size 18 AWG or 16 AWG fixture wires, as specified in 724.49, and flexible cords shall be permitted for the control and operating circuits of X-ray and auxiliary equipment where protected by not larger than 20- ampere overcurrent devices.
660.10 Equipment Installations. All equipment for new X-ray installations and all used or reconditioned X-ray equipment moved to and reinstalled at a new location shall be of an approved typc.
Part II. Control
660.20 Fixed and Stationary Equipment.
(A) Separate Control Device. A separate control device, in addition to the disconnecting means, shall be incorporated in the X-ray control supply or in the primary circuit to the high- voltage transformer. This device shall be a part of the X-ray equipment but shall be permitted in a separate enclosure immediately adjacent to the X-ray control unit.
(B) Protective Device. A protective device, which shall be permitted to be incorporated into the separate control device, shall be provided to control the load resulting from failures in the high-voltage circuit.
660.21 Portable and Mobile Equipment. Portable and mobile equipment shall comply with 660.20, but the manually control- led device shall be located in or on the equipment.
660.23 Industrial and Commercial Laboratory Equipment.
(A) Radiographic and Fluoroscopic Types. All radiographic- and fluoroscopic-type equipment shall be effectively enclosed or shall have interlocks that de-energize the equipment auto- matically to prevent ready access to live current-carrying parts.
(B) Diffraction and Irradiation Types. Diffraction- and irradiation-type equipment or installations not effectively enclosed or not provided with interlocks to prevent access to uninsulated live parts during operation shall be provided with a positive means to indicate when they are energized. The indica- tor shall be a pilot light, readable meter deflection, or cquiva- lent means.
660.24 Independent Control. Where more than one piece of equipment is operated from the same high-voltage circuit, cach piece or cach group of equipment as a unit shall be provided with a high-voltage switch or equivalent disconnecting means. This disconnecting means shall be constructed, enclosed, or located so as to avoid contact by persons with its live parts.
Part III. Transformers and Capacitors
660.35 General. Transformers and capacitors that are part of an X-ray equipment shall not be required to comply with Arti- cles 450 and 460.
660.36 Capacitors. Capacitors shall be mounted within enclo- sures of insulating material or grounded metal.
Part IV. Guarding and Grounding 660.47 General.
(A) High-Voltage Parts. All high-voltage parts, including X-ray tubes, shall be mounted within grounded enclosures. Air, oil, gas, or other suitable insulating media shall be used to insulate the high voltage from the grounded enclosure. The connection from the high-voltage equipment to X-ray tubes and other high-voltage components shall be made with high-voltage shicl- ded cables.
(B) Low-Voltage Cables. Low-voltage cables connecting to oil- filled units that are not completely scaled, such as transform- crs, condensers, oil coolers, and high-voltage switches, shall have insulation of the oil-resistant typc.
660.48 Grounding. Battery-operated X-ray cquipment shall not be required to comply with the grounding requirements of this Code.
ARTICLE 665 Induction and Dielectric Heating Equipment
Part I. General
665.1 Scope. This article covers the construction and installa- tion of dielectric heating, induction heating, induction melt- ing, and induction welding equipment and accessories for industrial and scientific applications. Medical or dental applica- tions, appliances, or line frequency pipeline and vessel heating are not covered in this article.
Informational Note: See Article 427, Part V, for line frequency induction heating of pipelines and vessels.
665.5 Output Circuit. The output circuit shall include all output components external to the converting device, includ- ing contactors, switches, busbars, and other conductors. The current flow from the output circuit to ground under operat- ing and ground-fault conditions shall be limited to a value that does not cause 50 volts or more to ground to appear on any accessible part of the heating equipment and its load. The output circuit shall be permitted to be isolated from ground.
665.7 Remote Control.
(A) Multiple Control Points. Where multiple control points are used for applicator energization, a means shall be provided and interlocked so that the applicator can be energized from only one control point at a time. A means for de-energizing the applicator shall be provided at cach control point.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-579
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
665.7
ARTICLE 668 - ELECTROLYTIC CELLS
(B) Foot Switches. Switches operated by foot pressure shall be provided with a shield over the contact button to avoid acciden- tal closing of a foot switch.
665.10 Ampacity of Supply Conductors. The ampacity of supply conductors shall be determined by 665.10(A) or (B).
(A) Nameplate Rating. The ampacity of conductors supplying one or more pieces of equipment shall be not less than the sum of the nameplate ratings for the largest group of machines capable of simultancous operation, plus 100 percent of the standby currents of the remaining machines. Where standby currents are not given on the nameplate, the nameplate rating shall be used as the standby current.
(B) Motor-Generator Equipment. The ampacity of supply conductors for motor-generator equipment shall be deter- mined in accordance with Article 430, Part II.
665.12 Disconnecting Means. A readily accessible disconnect- ing means shall be provided to disconnect cach heating equip- ment from its supply circuit. The disconnecting means shall be located within sight from the controller or be lockable open in accordance with 110.25.
The rating of this disconnecting means shall not be less than the nameplate rating of the heating equipment. Motor- generator equipment shall comply with Article 430, Part IX. The supply circuit disconnecting means shall be permitted to serve as the heating equipment disconnecting means where only one heating equipment is supplied.
Part II. Guarding, Grounding, and Labeling
665.19 Component Interconnection. The interconnection components required for a complete heating equipment instal- lation shall be guarded.
665.20 Enclosures. The converting device (excluding the component interconnections) shall be completely contained within an enclosure (s) of noncombustible material.
665.21 Control Panels. All control panels shall be of dead- front construction.
665.22 Access to Internal Equipment. Access doors or detach- able access panels shall be employed for internal access to heat- ing equipment. Access doors to internal compartments containing equipment employing voltages from 150 volts to 1000 volts ac or dc shall be capable of being locked closed or shall be interlocked to prevent the supply circuit from being energized while the door(s) is open. The provision for locking or adding a lock to the access doors shall be installed on or at the access door and shall remain in place with or without the lock installed.
Access doors to internal compartments containing cquip- ment employing voltages exceeding 1000 volts ac or dc shall be provided with a disconnecting means equipped with mechani- cal lockouts to prevent access while the heating equipment is energized, or the access doors shall be capable of being locked closed and interlocked to prevent the supply circuit from being energized while the door(s) is open. Detachable panels not normally used for access to such parts shall be fastened in a manner that makes them inconvenient to remove.
665.23 Hazard Labels or Signs. Labels or signs that read "DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE - KEEP OUT" shall be
attached to the equipment and shall be plainly visible where persons might come in contact with energized parts when doors are open or closed or when panels are removed from compartments containing over 150 volts ac or dc. Hazard signs or labels shall comply with 110.21 (B).
665.24 Capacitors. The time and means of discharge shall be in accordance with 460.6 for capacitors rated 600 volts, nomi- nal, and under. The time and means of discharge shall be in accordance with 460.28 for capacitors rated over 600 volts, nominal. Capacitor internal pressure switches connected to a circuit-interrupter device shall be permitted for capacitor over- current protection.
665.25 Dielectric Heating Applicator Shielding. Protective cages or adequate shielding shall be used to guard dielectric heating applicators. Interlock switches shall be used on all hinged access doors, sliding panels, or other casy means of access to the applicator. All interlock switches shall be connec- ted in such a manner as to remove all power from the applica- tor when any one of the access doors or panels is open.
665.26 Grounding and Bonding. Bonding to the equipment grounding conductor or inter-unit bonding, or both, shall be used wherever required for circuit operation, and for limiting to a safe valuc radio frequency voltages between all exposed non-current-carrying parts of the equipment and carth ground, between all equipment parts and surrounding objects, and between such objects and carth ground. Such connection to the equipment grounding conductor and bonding shall be installed in accordance with Article 250, Parts II and V.
Informational Note: Under certain conditions, contact between the object being heated and the applicator results in an unsafe condition, such as eruption of heated materials. Grounding of the object being heated and ground detection can be used to prevent this unsafe condition.
665.27 Marking. Each heating equipment shall be provided with a nameplate giving the manufacturer's name and model identification and the following input data: linc volts, frequency, number of phases, maximum current, full-load kilovolt-amperes (kVA), and full-load power factor. Additional data shall be permitted.
ARTICLE 668 Electrolytic Cells
668.1 Scope. This article applies to the installation of the elec- trical components and accessory equipment of electrolytic cells, electrolytic cell lines, and process power supply for the production of aluminum, cadmium, chlorine, copper, fluorinc, hydrogen peroxide, magnesium, sodium, sodium chlorate, and zinc.
Not covered by this article are cells used as a source of elec- tric energy and for electroplating processes and cells used for the production of hydrogen.
Informational Note No. 1: In general, any cell line or group of cell lines operated as a unit for the production of a particular metal, gas, or chemical compound may differ from any other cell lines producing the same product because of variations in
70-580
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 668 - ELECTROLYTIC CELLS
668.20
the particular raw materials used, output capacity, use of propri- etary methods or process practices, or other modifying factors to the extent that detailed Code requirements become overly restrictive and do not accomplish the stated purpose of this Code.
Informational Note No. 2: See IEEE 463-2013, Standard for Eler- trical Safety Practices in Electrolytic Cell Line Working Zones, for further information.
668.3 Other Articles.
(A) Lighting, Ventilating, Material Handling. Chapters 1 through 4 shall apply to services, feeders, branch circuits, and apparatus for supplying lighting, ventilating, material handling, and the like that are outside the electrolytic cell line working zonc.
(B) Systems Not Electrically Connected. Those clements of a cell line power-supply system that are not electrically connected to the cell supply system, such as the primary winding of a two- winding transformer, the motor of a motor-generator set, feed- crs, branch circuits, disconnecting means, motor controllers, and overload protective equipment, shall be required to comply with all applicable sections of this Code.
(C) Electrolytic Cell Lines. Electrolytic cell lines shall comply with the provisions of Chapters 1 through 4 except as amended in 668.3(C) (1) through (C) (4).
(1) Conductors. The electrolytic cell line conductors shall not be required to comply with Articles 110, 210, 215, 220, and 225. Scc 668.12.
(2) Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection of elec- trolytic cell dc process power circuits shall not be required to comply with the requirements of Article 240.
(3) Grounding. Except as required by this article, equipment located or used within the electrolytic cell line working zone or associated with the cell line dc power circuits shall not be required to comply with Article 250.
(4) Working Zone. The electrolytic cells, cell line attachments, and the wiring of auxiliary equipment and devices within the cell line working zone shall not be required to comply with Articles 110, 210, 215, 220, and 225. Sec 668.30.
Informational Note: See 668.15 for equipment, apparatus, and structural component grounding.
668.10 Cell Line Working Zone.
(A) Area Covered. The space envelope of the cell line working zone shall encompass spaces that meet any of the following conditions:
(1) Is within 2.5 m (96 in.) above energized surfaces of elec- trolytic cell lines or their energized attachments
(2) Is below energized surfaces of electrolytic cell lines or their energized attachments, provided the headroom in the space beneath is less than 2.5 m (96 in.)
(3) Is within 1.0 m (42 in.) horizontally from energized surfa- ces of electrolytic cell lines or their energized attach- ments or from the space envelope described in 668.10(A) (1) or (A) (2)
(B) Area Not Covered. The cell line working zone shall not be required to extend through or beyond walls, floors, roofs, parti- tions, barriers, or the like.
668.11 Direct-Current Cell Line Process Power Supply.
(A) Not Grounded. The direct-current cell line process power- supply conductors shall not be required to be grounded.
(B) Metal Enclosures Grounded. All metal enclosures of power-supply apparatus for the direct-current cell line process operating with a power supply over 50 volts shall be grounded by cither of the following means:
(1) Through protective relaying equipment
(2) By a minimum 2/0 AWG copper grounding electrode conductor or a conductor of cqual or greater conduc- tance
(C) Grounding Requirements. The grounding electrode connections required by 668.11 (B) shall be installed in accord- ance with 250.8, 250.10, 250.12, 250.68, and 250.70.
668.12 Cell Line Conductors.
(A) Insulation and Material. Cell line conductors shall be cither bare, covered, or insulated and of copper, aluminum, copper-clad aluminum, steel, or other suitable material.
(B) Size. Cell line conductors shall be of such cross-sectional arca that the temperature rise under maximum load conditions and at maximum ambient shall not exceed the safe operating temperature of the conductor insulation or the material of the conductor supports.
(C): Connections. Cell line conductors shall be joined by bolted, welded, clamped, or compression connectors.
668.13 Disconnecting Means.
(A) More Than One Process Power Supply. Where more than one direct-current cell line process power supply serves the same cell line, a disconnecting means shall be provided on the cell line circuit side of cach power supply to disconnect it from the cell line circuit.
(B) Removable Links or Conductors. Removable links or removable conductors shall be permitted to be used as the disconnecting means.
668.14 Shunting Means.
(A) Partial or Total Shunting. Partial or total shunting of cell line circuit current around one or more cells shall be permit- ted.
(B) Shunting One or More Cells. The conductors, switches, or combination of conductors and switches used for shunting one or more cells shall comply with the applicable requirements of 668.12.
668.15 Grounding. For equipment, apparatus, and structural components that are required to be grounded in accordance with Article 668, Article 250, Part III, for a local grounding electrode system shall apply, except a water pipe electrode shall not be required to be used. Any electrode or combination of electrodes described in 250.52 shall be permitted.
668.20 Portable Electrical Equipment.
(A) Portable Electrical Equipment Not to Be Grounded. The frames and enclosures of portable electrical equipment used within the cell line working zone shall not be grounded.
Exception No. 1: Where the cell line voltage does not exceed 200 volts de, these frames and enclosures shall be permitted to be grounded.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-581
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
668.20
ARTICLE 669 - ELECTROPLATING
Exception No. 2: These frames and enclosures shall be permitted to be grounded where guarded.
(B) Isolating Transformers. Electrically powered, hand-held, cord-connected portable equipment with ungrounded frames or enclosures used within the cell line working zone shall be connected to receptacle circuits that have only ungrounded conductors such as a branch circuit supplied by an isolating transformer with an ungrounded secondary.
(C) Marking. Ungrounded portable electrical equipment shall be distinctively marked and shall employ plugs and receptacles of a configuration that prevents connection of this equipment to grounding receptacles and that prevents inadvertent inter- change of ungrounded and grounded portable electrical equipment.
668.21 Power-Supply Circuits and Receptacles for Portable Electrical Equipment.
(A) Isolated Circuits. Circuits supplying power to ungrounded receptacles for hand-held, cord-connected equipment shall be electrically isolated from any distribution system supplying arcas other than the cell line working zone and shall be ungrounded. Power for these circuits shall be supplied through isolating transformers. Primarics of such transformers shall operate at not more than 1000 volts between conductors and shall be provided with proper overcurrent protection. The secondary voltage of such transformers shall not exceed 300 volts between conductors, and all circuits supplied from such secondarics shall be ungrounded and shall have an approved overcurrent device of proper rating in cach conduc- tor.
(B) Noninterchangeability. Receptacles and their mating plugs for ungrounded equipment shall not have provision for an equipment grounding conductor and shall be of a configura- tion that prevents their use for equipment required to be grounded.
(C) Marking. Receptacles on circuits supplied by an isolating transformer with an ungrounded secondary shall be a distinc- tive configuration, shall be distinctively marked, and shall not be used in any other location in the plant.
668.30 Fixed and Portable Electrical Equipment.
(A) Electrical Equipment Not Required to Be Grounded. Alternating-current systems supplying fixed and portable elec- trical equipment within the cell line working zone shall not be required to be grounded.
(B) Exposed Conductive Surfaces Not Required to Be Groun- ded. Exposed conductive surfaces, such as electrical equip- ment housings, cabinets, boxes, motors, raceways, and the like, that are within the cell line working zone shall not be required to be grounded.
(C) Wiring Methods. Auxiliary electrical equipment such as motors, transducers, sensors, control devices, and alarms, mounted on an electrolytic cell or other energized surface, shall be connected to premises wiring systems using any of the following:
(1) Multiconductor hard usage cord.
(2) Wire or cable in suitable raceways or metal or nonmetallic cable trays. If metal conduit, cable tray, armored cable, or similar metallic systems are used, they shall be installed
with insulating breaks such that they do not cause a potentially hazardous electrical condition.
(D) Circuit Protection. Circuit protection shall not be required for control and instrumentation that are totally within the cell line working zonc.
(E) Bonding. Bonding of fixed electrical equipment to the energized conductive surfaces of the cell line, its attachments, or auxiliaries shall be permitted. Where fixed electrical equip- ment is mounted on an energized conductive surface, it shall be bonded to that surface.
668.31 Auxiliary Nonelectrical Connections. Auxiliary nonelectrical connections, such as air hoses, water hoses, and the like, to an electrolytic cell, its attachments, or auxiliary equipment shall not have continuous conductive reinforcing wirc, armor, braids, and the like. Hoses shall be of a noncon- ductive material.
668.32 Cranes and Hoists.
(A) Conductive Surfaces to Be Insulated from Ground. The conductive surfaces of cranes and hoists that enter the cell linc working zone shall not be required to be grounded. The portion of an overhead crane or hoist that contacts an ener- gized electrolytic eell or energized attachments shall be insula- ted from ground.
(B) Hazardous Electrical Conditions. Remote crane or hoist controls that could introduce hazardous electrical conditions into the cell line working zone shall employ one or more of the following systems:
(1). Isolated and ungrounded control circuit in accordance with 668.21 (A)
(2) Nonconductive rope operator
(3) Pendant pushbutton with nonconductive supporting means and having nonconductive surfaces or ungroun- ded exposed conductive surfaces
(4) Radio
668.40 Enclosures. General-purpose electrical equipment enclosures shall be permitted where a natural draft ventilation system prevents the accumulation of gases.
ARTICLE 669 Electroplating
669.1 Scope. This article applies to the installation of the elec- trical components and accessory equipment that supply the power and controls for electroplating, anodizing, electropolish- ing, and electrostripping. For purposes of this article, the term electroplating shall be used to identify any or all of these processes.
669.3 General. Equipment for use in electroplating processes shall be identified for such service.
669.5 Branch-Circuit Conductors. Branch-circuit conductors supplying one or more units of equipment shall have an ampacity of not less than 125 percent of the total connected load. The ampacities for busbars shall be in accordance with 366.23.
70-582
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
670.4
ARTICLE 670- INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY
669.6 Wiring Methods. Conductors connecting the electrolyte tank equipment to the conversion equipment shall be in accordance with 669.6(A) and (B).
(A) Systems Not Exceeding 60 Volts Direct Current. Insulated conductors shall be permitted to be run without insulated support, provided they are protected from physical damage. Bare copper or aluminum conductors shall be permitted where supported on insulators.
(B) Systems Exceeding 60 Volts Direct Current. Insulated conductors shall be permitted to be run on insulated supports, provided they are protected from physical damage. Barc copper or aluminum conductors shall be perinitted where supported on insulators and guarded against accidental contact up to the point of termination in accordance with 110.27.
669.7 Warning Signs. Warning signs shall be posted to indicate the presence of bare conductors. The warning sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
669.8 Disconnecting Means.
(A) More Than One Power Supply. Where more than one power supply serves the same de system, a disconnecting means shall be provided on the de side of cach power supply.
(B) Removable Links or Conductors. Removable links or removable conductors shall be permitted to be used as the disconnecting means.
669.9 Overcurrent Protection. Direct-current conductors shall be protected from overcurrent by one or more of the follow- ing:
(1) Fuses or circuit breakers
(2) A current-sensing device that operates a disconnecting mcans
(3) Other approved means
ARTICLE 670 Industrial Machinery
670.1 Scope. This article covers the nameplate data for, over- voltage protection for, and the size and overcurrent protection of supply conductors to industrial machinery.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 79, Electrical Standard for Industrial Machinery, for further information.
Informational Note No. 2: See 110.26 for information on the workspace requirements for equipment containing supply conductor terminals.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 79, Electrical Standard for Industrial Machinery, for information on the workspace require- ments for machine power and control equipment.
670.3 Machine Nameplate Data.
Informational Note: See 430.22(E) and 430.26 for duty cycle requirements.
(A) Permanent Nameplate. A permanent nameplate shall be attached to the outside of the control equipment enclosure or on the machine immediately adjacent to the main control
equipment enclosure that is visible after installation. The nameplate shall include the following information:
(1) Supply voltage, number of phases, frequency, and full- load current
(2) Maximum ampere rating of the short-circuit and ground- fault protective device
(3) Ampere rating of largest motor, from the motor name- plate, or load
(4) Short-circuit current rating of the machine industrial control panel based on one of the following:
a. Short-circuit current rating of a listed and labeled machine control enclosure or assembly
b. Short-circuit current rating established using an approved method
Informational Note: See UL 308A-2017, Industrial Control Panels, Supplement SB, for an example of an approved method.
(5) Electrical diagram number(s) or the number of the index to the electrical drawings
The full-load current shown on the nameplate shall not be less than the sum of the full-load currents required for all motors and other equipment that can be in operation at the same time under normal conditions of usc. Where unusual type loads, duty cycles, and so forth require oversized conduc- tors or permit reduced-size conductors, the required capacity shall be included in the marked "full-load current." Where more than one incoming supply circuit is to be provided, the nameplate shall state the preceding information for cach circuit.
(B) Overcurrent Protection. Where overcurrent protection is provided in accordance with 670.4(C), the machine shall be marked "overcurrent protection provided at machine supply terminals."
670.4 Supply Conductors and Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Size. The size of the supply conductor shall be such as to have an ampacity not less than 125 percent of the full-load current rating of all resistance heating loads plus 125 percent of the full-load current rating of the highest rated motor plus the sum of the full-load current ratings of all other connected motors and apparatus, based on their duty cycle, that may be in operation at the same time.
Informational Note No. 1: See Table 310.16 through Table 310.20 for ampacity of conductors rated 2000 volts and below.
Informational Note No. 2: See 430.22(E) and 430.26 for duty cycle requirements.
(B) Disconnecting Means. A machine shall be considered as an individual unit and therefore shall be provided with discon- necting means. The disconnecting means shall be permitted to be supplied by branch circuits protected by cither fuses or circuit breakers. The disconnecting means shall not be required to incorporate overcurrent protection.
Informational Note: See NFPA 70E, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, which provides guidance for creating an electri- cally safe work condition for performing maintenance or other work on the machine.
(C) Overcurrent Protection. Where furnished as part of the machine, overcurrent protection for cach supply circuit shall consist of a single circuit breaker or set of fuses, the machine
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-583
670.5
ARTICLE 675 - ELECTRICALLY DRIVEN OR CONTROLLED IRRIGATION MACHINES
shall bcar the marking required in 670.3, and the supply conductors shall be considered either as feeders or as taps as covered by 240.21.
The rating or setting of the overcurrent protective device for the circuit supplying the machine shall not be greater than the sum of the largest rating or setting of the branch-circuit short- circuit and ground-fault protective device provided with the machine, plus 125 percent of the full-load current rating of all resistance heating loads, plus the sum of the full-load currents of all other motors and apparatus that could be in operation at the same time.
Exception: Where one or more instantaneous trip circuit breakers or motor short-circuit protectors are used for motor branch-circuit short- circuit and ground-fault protection as permitted by 430.52(C), the procedure specified in 670.4(C) for determining the maximum rating of the protective device for the circuit supplying the machine shall apply with the following provision: For the purpose of the calculation, each instantaneous trip circuit breaker or motor short-circuit protector shall be assumed to have a rating not exceeding the maximum percentage of motor full-load current permitted by Table 430.52(C)(1) for the type of machine supply circuit protective device employed.
Where no branch-circuit short-circuit and ground-fault protective device is provided with the machine, the rating or setting of the overcurrent protective device shall be based on 430.52 and 430.53, as applicable.
670.5 Short-Circuit Current Rating.
(A) Installation. Industrial machinery shall not be installed where the available fault current exceeds its short-circuit current rating as marked in accordance with 670.3(A) (4).
(B) Available Short-Circuit Current Field Marking. Industrial machinery shall be legibly marked in the field with the availa- ble fault current. The field marking(s) shall include the date the available fault current calculation was performed and be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved.
670.6 Overvoltage Protection. Industrial machinery with safety circuits shall have overvoltage protection.
ARTICLE 675 Electrically Driven or Controlled Irrigation Machines
Part I. General
675.1 Scope. This article applies to electrically driven or controlled irrigation machines, and to the branch circuits and controllers for such equipment.
675.4 Irrigation Cable.
(A) Construction. The cable used to interconnect enclosures on the structure of an irrigation machine shall be an assembly of stranded, insulated conductors with nonhygroscopic and nonwicking filler in a core of moisture- and flame-resistant nonmetallic material overlaid with a metallic covering and jack- cted with a moisture-, corrosion-, and sunlight-resistant nonme- tallic material.
The conductor insulation shall be of a type listed in Table 310.4(1) for an operating temperature of 75 (167ºF) or higher and for use in wet locations. The core insulating mate- rial thickness shall not be less than 0.76 mm (30 mils), and the metallic overlay thickness shall be not less than 0.20 mm (8 mils). The jacketing material thickness shall be not less than 1.27 mm (50 mils).
A composite of power, control, and grounding conductors in the cable shall be permitted.
(B) Alternate Wiring Methods. Installation of other listed cables complying with the construction requirements of 675.4(A) shall be permitted.
(C) Supports. Irrigation cable shall be secured by straps, hang- crs, or similar fittings identified for the purpose and so installed as not to damage the cable. Cable shall be supported at intervals not exceeding 1.2 m (4 ft).
(D) Fittings. Fittings shall be used at all points where irriga- tion cable terminates. The fittings shall be designed for use with the cable and shall be suitable for the conditions of serv- icc.
675.5 More Than Three Conductors in a Raceway or Cable. The signal and control conductors of a raceway or cable shall not be counted for the purpose of ampacity adjustment as required in 310.15(C) (1).
675.6 Marking on Main Control Panel. The main control pancl shall be provided with a nameplate giving the following information:
(1). The manufacturer's name, the rated voltage, the phase, and the frequency
(2) The current rating of the machine
(3) The rating of the main disconnecting means and size of overcurrent protection required
675.7 Equivalent Current Ratings. Where intermittent duty is not involved, Article 430 shall be used for determining ratings for controllers, disconnecting means, conductors, and the like. Where irrigation machines have inherent intermittent duty, the determinations of equivalent current ratings in 675.7(A) and (B) shall be used.
(A) Continuous-Current Rating. The equivalent continuous- current rating for the selection of branch-circuit conductors and overcurrent protection shall be equal to 125 percent of the motor nameplate full-load current rating of the largest motor, plus a quantity cqual to the sum of cach of the motor name- plate full-load current ratings of all remaining motors on the circuit, multiplied by the maximum percent duty cycle at which they can continuously operate.
(B) Locked-Rotor Current. The equivalent locked-rotor current rating shall be equal to the numerical sum of the locked-rotor current of the two largest motors plus 100 percent of the sum of the motor nameplate full-load current ratings of all the remaining motors on the circuit.
675.8 Disconnecting Means.
(A) Main Controller. A controller that is used to start and stop the complete machine shall meet all of the following require- ments:
(1) An equivalent continuous current rating not less than specified in 675.7(A) or 675.22(A)
70-584
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
675.22
ARTICLE 675 - ELECTRICALLY DRIVEN OR CONTROLLED IRRIGATION MACHINES
(2) A horsepower rating not less than the value from Table 430.251 (A) and Table 430.251(B), based on the cquiva- lent locked-rotor current specified in 675.7(B) or 675.22(B)
Exception: A listed molded case switch shall not require a horsepower rating.
(B) Main Disconnecting Means. The main disconnecting means for the machine shall provide overcurrent protection, shall be at the point of connection of electric power to the machine, or shall be in sight from the machine, and it shall be readily accessible and lockable open in accordance with 110.25. This disconnecting means shall have a horsepower and current rating not less than required for the main controller.
Exception No. 1: Circuit breakers without marked horsepower ratings shall be permitted in accordance with 430.109.
Exception No. 2: A listed molded case switch without marked horse- power ratings shall be permitted.
(C) Disconnecting Means for Individual Motors and Control- lers. A disconnecting means shall be provided to simultanc- ously disconnect all ungrounded conductors for cach motor and controller and shall be located as required by Article 430, Part IX. The disconnecting means shall not be required to be readily accessible.
675.9 Branch-Circuit Conductors. The branch-circuit conduc- tors shall have an ampacity not less than specified in 675.7(A) or 675.22(A).
675.10 Several Motors on One Branch Circuit.
(A) Protection Required. Several motors, cach not exceeding 2 hp rating, shall be permitted to be used on an irrigation machine circuit protected at not more than 30 amperes at 1000 volts, nominal, or less, provided all of the following condi- tions are met:
(1) The full-load rating of any motor in the circuit shall not exceed 6 amperes.
(2) Each motor in the circuit shall have individual overload protection in accordance with 430.32.
(3) Taps to individual motors shall not be smaller than 14 AWG copper and not more' than 7.5 m (25 ft) in length.
(B) Individual Protection Not Required. Individual branch- circuit short-circuit protection for motors and motor control- lers shall not be required where the requirements of 675.10(A) arc met.
675.11 Collector Rings.
(A) Transmitting Current for Power Purposes. Collector rings shall have a current rating not less than 125 percent of the full- load current of the largest device served plus the full-load current of all other devices served, or as determined from 675.7(A) or 675.22(A).
(B) Control and Signal Purposes. Collector rings for control and signal purposes shall have a current rating not less than 125 percent of the full-load current of the largest device served plus the full-load current of all other devices served.
(C) Grounding. The collector ring used for grounding shall have a current rating not less than that sized in accordance with 675.11 (A).
(D) Protection. Collector rings shall be protected from the expected environment and from accidental contact by means of a suitable enclosure.
675.12 Grounding. The following equipment shall be groun- ded:
(1) All electrical equipment on the irrigation machine
(2) All electrical equipment associated with the irrigation machine
(3) Metal junction boxes and enclosures
(4) Control panels or control equipment that supplies or controls electrical equipment to the irrigation machine
Exception: Grounding shall not be required on machines where all of the following provisions are met:
(1) The machine is electrically controlled but not electrically driven.
(2) The control voltage is 30 volts or less.
(3) The control or signal circuits are current limited as specified in Chapter 9, Tables 11(A) and 11 (B).
675.13 Methods of Grounding. Machines that require ground- ing shall have a non-current-carrying equipment grounding conductor provided as an integral part of cach cord, cable, or raceway. This cquipment grounding conductor shall be sized not less than the largest supply conductor in cach cord, cable, or raceway. Fecder circuits supplying power to irrigation machines shall have an equipment grounding conductor sized according to Table 250.122.
675.14 Bonding. Where electrical grounding is required on an irrigation machine, the metallic structure of the machine, metallic conduit, or metallic sheath of cable shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor. Metal-to-metal contact with a part that is connected to the equipment grounding conductor and the non-current-carrying parts of the machine shall be considered as an acceptable bonding path.
675.15 Lightning Protection. If an irrigation machine has a stationary point, a grounding electrode system in accordance with Article 250, Part III, shall be connected to the machine at the stationary point for lightning protection.
675.16 Energy from More Than One Source. Equipment within an enclosure receiving electric energy from more than one source shall not be required to have a disconnecting means for the additional source if its voltage is 30 volts or less and it meets the requirements of Part II of Article 725.
675.17 Connectors. External plugs and connectors on the equipment shall be of the weatherproof typc.
Unless provided solely for the connection of circuits meeting the requirements of Part II of Article 725, external plugs and connectors shall be constructed as specified in 250.124(A).
Part II. Center Pivot Irrigation Machines
675.21 General. Part II covers additional special requirements that are peculiar to center pivot irrigation machines. Article 100 for the definition of Center Pivot Irrigation Machine.
675.22 Equivalent Current Ratings. To establish ratings of controllers, disconnecting means, conductors, and the like, for the inherent intermittent duty of center pivot irrigation machines, the determinations in 675.22(A) and (B) shall be uscd.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-585
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
675.22
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
(A) Continuous-Current Rating. The equivalent continuous- current rating for the selection of branch-circuit conductors and branch-circuit devices shall be equal to 125 percent of the motor nameplate full-load current rating of the largest motor plus 60 percent of the sum of the motor nameplate full-load current ratings of all remaining motors on the circuit.
(B) Locked-Rotor Current. The equivalent locked-rotor current rating shall be equal to the numerical sum of two times the locked-rotor current of the largest motor plus 80 percent of the sum of the motor nameplate full-load current ratings of all the remaining motors on the circuit.
ARTICLE 680 Swimming Pools, Fountains, and Similar Installations
Part I. General
680.1 Scope. The provisions of this article apply to the construction and installation of electrical wiring for, and equip- ment in or adjacent to, all swimming, wading, therapeutic, and decorative pools; fountains; hot tubs; spas; and hydromassage bathtubs, whether permanently installed or storable, and to metallic auxiliary equipment, such as pumps, filters, and simi- lar equipment. The term body of water used throughout Part I applies to all bodies of water covered in this scope unless other- wisc amended.
680.4 Inspections After Installation. The authority having jurisdiction shall be permitted to require periodic inspection and testing.
680.5 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protec- tion.
(A) General. The GFCI and SPGFCI requirements in this arti- cle, unless otherwise noted, are in addition to the requirements in 210.8.
(B) 150 Volts or Less to Ground. Where required in this arti- cle, ground-fault protection of receptacles and outlets on branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground and 60 amperes or less, single- or 3-phase, shall be provided with a Class A GFCI.
Exception: Receptacles and outlets that are part of listed equipment with ratings not exceeding the low-voltage contart limit that are supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A)(2) shall not be required to be provided with ground-fault protection.
Informational Note: The high leg of a 120/240-volt 4-wire delta- connected system, and the two ungrounded phases of a corner- grounded delta system have a voltage to ground greater than 150 volts, exceeding the limit for a Class A GFCI.
(C) Above 150 Volts to Ground. Where required in this article, ground-fault protection of receptacles and outlets on branch circuits operating at voltages above 150 volts to ground, not exceeding 480 volts phase-to-phase, single- or 3-phase, shall be provided with SPGFCI protection not to exceed 20-mA ground- fault trip current.
Informational Note: See UL 943C, Outline of Investigation for Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupters, for information on Classes C, D, and E ground-fault circuit interrupters.
680.6 Listing Requirements. All electrical equipment covered by this article shall be listed.
680.7 Grounding and Bonding.
(A) Feeders and Branch Circuits. Feeders and branch circuits installed in a corrosive environment or wet location shall contain an EGC that is an insulated copper conductor sized in accordance with Table 250.122, but not smaller than 12 AWG.
(B) Cord-and-Plug Connections. The flexible cord shall contain an EGC that is an insulated copper conductor sized in accordance with Table 250.122, but not smaller than 12 AWG. The flexible cord shall terminate in a grounding- type attach- ment plug having a fixed grounding contact member.
(C) Terminals. Terminals used for bonding and equipment grounding shall be identified for use in wet locations. Field- installed terminals in clamp or wet locations or corrosive envi- ronments shall be composed of copper, copper alloy, or stainless steel and shall be listed for direct burial usc.
680.8 Cord-and-Plug-Connected Equipment. Fixcd or station- ary equipment, other than underwater luminaires, for a perma- nently installed pool shall be permitted to be connected with a flexible cord and plug to facilitate the removal or disconnec- tion for maintenance or repair.
(A) Length. For other than storable pools, the flexible cord shall not exceed 900 mm (3 ft) in length.
(B) Equipment Grounding. The flexible cord shall have a copper equipment grounding conductor sized in accordance with 250.122 but not smaller than 12 AWG. The cord shall terminate in a grounding-type attachment plug.
(C) Construction. The equipment grounding conductors shall be connected to a fixed metal part of the assembly. The remov- able part shall be mounted on or bonded to the fixed metal part.
680.9 Overhead Conductor Clearances. Overhead conductors shall meet the clearance requirements in this section. Where a minimum clearance from the water level is given, the measure- ment shall be taken from the maximum water level of the speci- ficd body of water.
(A) Power. Overhead conductors and open overhead wiring not in a raceway shall comply with the minimum clearances given in Table 680.9(A) and illustrated in Figure 680.9(A).
(B) Communications Systems. Communications, radio, and television coaxial cables within the scope of Chapter 8 shall be permitted at a height of not less than 3.0 m (10 ft) above the maximum water level of swimming and wading pools, and diving structures, observation stands, towers, or platforms.
(C) Network-Powered Broadband Communications Systems. The minimum clearances for overhead network-powered broadband communications systems conductors from pools or fountains shall comply with the provisions in Table 680.9(A) for conductors operating at 0 to 750 volts to ground.
70-586
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
680.13
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
Table 680.9(A) Overhead Conductor Clearances
Insulated Cables, 0-750 Volts to Ground, Supported on and Cabled Together with a Solidly Grounded Bare Messenger or Solidly Grounded Neutral Conductor
All Other Conductors Voltage to Ground
0 through 15 kV
Over 15 through 50 kV
m
ft
m
ft
m
ft
6.9
22.5
7.5
25
8.0
27
B. Clearance in any direction to the observation stand, tower, or diving platform
4.4
14.5
5.2
17
5.5
18
This limit shall extend to the outer edge of the structures listed in A and B of this table but not less than 3 m (10 ft).
680.10 Electric Pool Water Heaters Incorporating Resistive Heating Elements and Electrically Powered Swimming Pool Heat Pumps and Chillers.
(A) Electric Pool Water Heaters. All electric pool water heat- crs incorporating resistive heating elements shall have the heat- ing clements subdivided into loads not exceeding 48 amperes and protected at not over 60 amperes. The ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors and the rating or setting of overcur- rent protective devices shall be 125 percent of the total nameplate-rated load or greater.
(B) Electrically Powered Swimming Pool Heat Pumps and Chillers. Electrically powered swimming pool heat pumps and chillers using the circulating water system and providing hcat- ing, cooling, or both, shall be listed and rated for their inten- ded usc. The ampacity of the branch-circuit conductors and the rating or setting of overcurrent protective devices shall be sized to comply with the nameplate.
680.11 Underground Wiring. Underground. wiring shall comply with 680.11 (A) and (B).
(A) Underground Wiring. Underground wiring within 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside wall of the pool shall be permitted. The following wiring methods shall be considered suitable for the conditions in these locations provided they are installed complete between outlets, junctions, or splicing points:
(1) Rigid metal conduit
(2) Intermediate metal conduit
(3) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit
(4) Reinforced thermosetting resin conduit
(5) Jacketed Type MC cable that is listed for burial use
(6) Liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit listed for direct burial usc
(7) Liquidtight flexible metal conduit listed for direct burial usc
(B) Wiring Under Pools. Underground wiring shall not be permitted under the pool unless this wiring is necessary to supply pool equipment permitted by this article.
680.12 Equipment Rooms, Vaults, and Pits.
(A) Drainage. Electrical equipment shall not be installed in rooms, vaults, or pits that do not have drainage that prevents
1
B
B
B
A
B
A
Observation stand
- C-
C
FIGURE 680.9(A) Clearances from Pool Structures.
water accumulation during normal operation or maintenance unless the equipment is rated and identified for submersion.
Informational Note: Chemicals such as chlorine cause severe corrosive and deteriorating effects on electrical connections, equipment, and enclosures when stored and kept in the same vicinity. Adequate ventilation of indoor spaces such as equip- ment and storage rooms is addressed by ANSI/APSP-11, Stand- ard for Water Quality in Public Pools and Spas, and can reduce the likelihood of the accumulation of corrosive vapors.
(B) Receptacles. At least one GFCI-protected 125-volt, 15- or 20-ampere receptacle supplied from a general purpose branch circuit shall be located within an equipment room. All other receptacles supplied by branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground within an cquipment room and any receptacles supplied by a branch circuit rated 150 volts or less to ground in a vault or pit shall be GFCI protected.
680.13 Maintenance Disconnecting Means. One or more means to simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded conduc- tors shall be provided for all utilization equipment other than lighting. Each means shall be readily accessible and within sight from its equipment and shall be located not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of a pool, spa, fountain, or hot tub unless separated from the open water by a perma- nently installed barrier that provides a 1.5 m (5 ft) reach path or greater. This horizontal distance shall be measured from the water's edge along the shortest path required to reach the disconnect.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-587
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
Clearance Parameters
A. Clearance in any direction to the water level, edge of water surface, base of diving platform, or permanently anchored raft
C. Horizontal limit of clearance measured from inside wall of the pool
1
Pool
680.14
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
680.14 Corrosive Environments.
(A) Wiring Methods. Wiring methods shall be suitable for use in corrosive environments. Rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, reinforced thermosetting resin conduit, and liquidtight flexible nonmetal- lic conduit shall be considered suitable for use. Aluminum conduit and tubing shall not be permitted.
(B) Other Equipment. Other equipment shall be suitable for use in corrosive environments or be installed in identified corrosion-resistant enclosures. Equipment listed for pool and spa usc shall be considered suitable for use.
Part II. Permanently Installed Pools
680.20 General. Electrical installations at permanently installed pools shall comply with the provisions of Part I and Part II of this article.
680.21 Motors.
(A) Wiring Methods. The wiring to a pool motor shall comply with 680.21 (A) (1) or (A)(2).
(1) Flexible Connections. Where necessary to employ flexible connections at or adjacent to the motor, liquidtight flexible metal, liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit, or MC cable suitable for the use shall be permitted.
(2) Cord-and-Plug Connections. Pool-associated motors shall be permitted to employ cord-and-plug connections. The flexi- ble cord shall not exceed 900 mm (3 ft) in length.
(B) Double-Insulated Pool Pumps. A listed cord-and-plug- connected pool pump incorporating an approved system of double insulation that provides a means for grounding only the internal and nonaccessible, non-current-carrying metal parts of the pump shall be connected to any wiring method recognized in Chapter 3 that is suitable for the location. Where the equip- ment grounding conductor of the motor circuit is connected to the cquipotential bonding means in accordance with the second sentence of 680.26(B) (6) (a), the branch-circuit wiring shall comply with 680.21 (A).
(C) Ground-Fault Protection. Outlets serving pool motors shall have ground-fault protection complying with 680.5(B) or (C), as applicable.
Exception: Listed low-voltage motors not requiring grounding, with ratings not exceeding the low-voltage contart limit that are supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A)(2), shall be permitted to be installed without ground-fault protection.
(D) Pool Pump Motor Replacement. Where a pool pump motor in 680.21 (C) is replaced or repaired, the replacement or repaired pump motor shall be provided with ground-fault protection complying with 680.5(B) or (C), as applicable.
680.22 Lighting, Receptacles, and Equipment.
(A) Receptacles.
(1) Required Receptacle, Location. Where a permanently installed pool is installed, no fewer than one 125-volt, 15- or 20- ampere receptacle on a general-purpose branch circuit shall be located not less than 1.83 m (6 ft) from, and not more than 6.0 m (20 ft) from, the inside wall of the pool. This receptacle
shall be located not more than 2.0 m (6 ft 6 in.) above the floor, platform, or grade level serving the pool.
(2) Circulation and Sanitation System, Location. Receptacles that provide power for water-pump motors or for other loads directly related to the circulation and sanitation system shall be located at least 1.83 m (6 ft) from the inside walls of the pool. These receptacles shall have GFCI protection and be of the grounding typc.
(3) Other Receptacles, Location. Other receptacles shall be not less than 1.83 m (6 ft) from the inside walls of a pool.
(4) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protec- tion. All receptacles rated 125 volts through 250 volts, 60 amperes or less, located within 6.0 m (20 ft) of the inside walls of a pool shall have GFCI protection complying with 680.5(B) or SPGFCI protection complying with 680.5(C), as applicable.
(5) Measurements. In determining the dimensions in this section addressing receptacle spacings, the distance to be mcas- ured shall be the shortest path the supply cord of an appliance connected to the receptacle would follow without piercing a floor, wall, ceiling, doorway with hinged or sliding door, window opening, or other effective permanent barrier.
(B) Luminaires, Lighting Outlets, and Ceiling-Suspended (Paddle) Fans.
(1) New Outdoor Installation Clearances. In outdoor pool arcas, luminaires, lighting outlets, and ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans installed above the pool or the arca extending 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of the pool shall be installed at a height not less than 3.7 m (12 ft) above the maximum water level of the pool.
(2) Indoor Clearances. For installations in indoor pool arcas, the clearances shall be the same as for outdoor arcas unless modified as provided in this paragraph. If the branch circuit supplying the equipment is protected by a ground-fault circuit interrupter, the following equipment shall be permitted at a height not less than 2.3 m (7 ft 6 in.) above the maximum pool water level:
(1) Totally enclosed luminaires
(2) Ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans identified for usc bencath ceiling structures such as provided on porches or patios
(3) Existing Installations. Existing luminaires and lighting outlets located less than 1.5 m (5 ft) measured horizontally from the inside walls of a pool shall be not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) above the surface of the maximum water level, shall be rigidly attached to the existing structure, and shall be protected by a ground-fault circuit interrupter.
(4) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protection in Adjacent Areas. Luminaires, lighting outlets, and ceiling- suspended (paddle) fans installed in the arca extending between 1.5 m (5 ft) and 3.0 m (10 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of a pool shall have GFCI protection complying with 680.5(B) or SPGFCI protection complying with 680.5(C), as applicable, unless installed not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) above the maximum water level and rigidly attached to the structure adjacent to or enclosing the pool.
70-588
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
680.23
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
(5) Cord-and-Plug-Connected Luminaires. Cord-and-plug- connected luminaires shall comply with the requirements of 680.8 where installed within 4.9 m (16 ft) of any point on the water surface, measured radially.
(6) Low-Voltage Luminaires. Listed low-voltage luminaires not requiring grounding, not exceeding the low-voltage contact limit, and supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A) (2) shall be permitted to be located less than 1.5 m (5 ft) from the inside walls of the pool.
(7) Low-Voltage Gas-Fired Luminaires, Decorative Fireplaces, Fire Pits, and Similar Equipment. Listed low-voltage gas-fired- luminaires, decorative fireplaces, fire pits, and similar cquip- ment using low-voltage ignitors that do not require grounding, and are supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A) (2) with outputs that do not exceed the low-voltage contact limit shall be permitted to be located less than 1.5 m (5 ft) from the inside walls of the pool. Metallic equipment shall be bonded in accordance with the require- ments in 680.26(B). Transformers or power supplies supplying this type of equipment shall be installed in accordance with the requirements in 680.24. Metallic gas piping shall be bonded in accordance with the requirements in 250.104(B) and 680.26(B)(7).
(8) Measurements. In determining the dimensions in this section addressing luminaires, the distance to be measured shall be the shortest path an imaginary cord connected to the luminaire would follow without piercing a floor, wall, ceiling, doorway with hinged or sliding door, window opening, or other effective permanent barrier.
(C) Switching Devices. Switching devices shall be located at Icast 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of a pool unless separated from the pool by a solid fence, wall, or other permanent barrier that provides at least a 1.5 m (5 ft) reach distance. Alternatively, a switch that is listed as being acceptable for use within 1.5 m (5 ft) shall be permitted.
(D) Other Outlets. Other outlets shall be not less than 3.0 m (10 ft) from the inside walls of the pool. Measurements shall be determined in accordance with 680.22(A) (5).
Informational Note: Other outlets may include, but are not limi- ted to, remote-control, signaling, fire alarm, and communica- tions circuits.
(E) Other Equipment. Other equipment with ratings exceed- ing the low-voltage contact limit shall be located at least 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of a pool unless separa- ted from the pool by a solid fence, wall, or other permanent barrier.
680.23 Underwater Luminaires. This section covers all lumin- aires installed below the maximum water level of the pool.
(A) General.
(1) Luminaire Design, Normal Operation. The design of an underwater luminaire supplied from a branch circuit cither directly or by way of a transformer or power supply meeting the requirements of this section shall be such that, where the luminaire is properly installed without a GFCI, there is no shock hazard with any likely combination of fault conditions during normal usc (not relamping).
(2) Transformers and Power Supplies. Transformers and power supplies used for the supply of underwater luminaires,
together with the transformer or power supply enclosure, shall be listed, labeled, and identified for swimming pool and spa usc. The transformer or power supply shall incorporate either a transformer of the isolated winding type, with an ungrounded secondary that has a grounded metal barrier between the primary and secondary windings, or one that incorporates an approved system of double insulation between the primary and secondary windings.
(3) GFCI Protection, Lamping, Relamping, and Servicing. GFCI protection shall be installed in the branch circuit supply- ing luminaires operating at voltages greater than the low- voltage contact limit.
(4) Voltage Limitation. No luminaires shall be installed for operation on supply circuits over 150 volts between conductors.
(5) Location, Wall-Mounted Luminaires. Luminaires mounted in walls shall be installed with the top of the luminaire lens not less than 450 mm (18 in.) below the normal water level of the pool, unless the luminaire is listed and identified for use at lesser depths. No luminaire shall be installed less than 100 mm (4 in.) below the normal water level of the pool.
(6) Bottom-Mounted Luminaires. A luminaire facing upward shall comply with either (1) or (2):
(1) Have the lens guarded to prevent contact by any person
(2) Be listed for use without a guard
(7) Dependence on Submersion. Luminaires that depend on submersion for safe operation shall be inherently protected against the hazards of overheating when not submerged.
(8) Compliance. Compliance with these requirements shall be obtained by the use of a listed underwater luminaire and by installation of a listed GFCI in the branch circuit or a listed transformer or power supply for luminaires operating at not more than the low-voltage contact limit.
(B) Wet-Niche Luminaires.
(1) Forming Shells. Forming shells shall be installed for the mounting of all wet-niche underwater luminaires and shall be cquipped with provisions for conduit entries. Metal parts of the luminaire and forming shell in contact with the pool water shall be of brass or other approved corrosion-resistant metal. All forming shells used with nonmetallic conduit systems, other than those that are part of a listed low-voltage lighting system not requiring grounding, shall include provisions for terminat- ing an 8 AWG copper conductor.
(2) Wiring Extending Directly to the Forming Shell. Conduit shall be installed from the forming shell to a junction box or other enclosure conforming to the requirements in 680.24. Conduit shall be rigid metal, intermediate metal, liquidtight flexible nonmetallic, or rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit.
(a) Metal Conduit. Mctal conduit shall be listed and shall be red brass or stainless steel.
Informational Note: Scc UL 6A, Electrical Rigid Metal Conduit - Aluminum, Red Brass, and Stainless Steel, for informa- tion on the listing criteria for red brass and stainless steel conduit.
(b) Nommetallic Conduit. Where a nonmetallic conduit is used, an 8 AWG insulated solid or stranded copper bonding jumper shall be installed in this conduit unless a listed low- voltage lighting system not requiring grounding is used. The bonding jumper shall be terminated in the forming shell, junc- tion box or transformer enclosure, or ground-fault circuit-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-589
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
680.23
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
interrupter enclosure. The termination of the 8 AWG bonding jumper in the forming shell shall be covered with, or encapsu- lated in, a listed potting compound to protect the connection from the possible deteriorating effect of pool water.
(3) Equipment Grounding Provisions for Cords. Other than listed low-voltage lighting systems not requiring grounding, wet-niche luminaires that are supplied by a flexible cord or cable shall have all exposed non-current-carrying metal parts connected to an insulated copper equipment grounding conductor that is an integral part of the cord or cable. This equipment grounding conductor shall be connected to a grounding terminal in the supply junction box, transformer enclosure, or other enclosure. The equipment grounding conductor shall not be smaller than the supply conductors and not smaller than 16 AWG.
(4) Luminaire Grounding Terminations. The end of the flexible-cord jacket and the flexible-cord conductor termina- tions within a luminaire shall be covered with, or encapsulated in, a suitable potting compound to prevent the entry of water into the luminaire through the cord or its conductors. If present, the connection of the equipment grounding conduc- tor within a luminaire shall be similarly treated to protect such connection from the deteriorating effect of pool water in the event of water entry into the luminaire.
(5) Luminaire Bonding. The luminaire shall be bonded to, and secured to, the forming shell by a positive locking device that ensures a low-resistance contact and requires a tool to remove the luminaire from the forming shell. Bonding shall not be required for luminaires that are listed for the applica- tion and have no non-current-carrying metal parts.
(6) Servicing. Wet-niche luminaires shall be removable from the water for inspection, relamping, or other maintenance. The forming shell location and length of cord in the forming shell shall permit personnel to place the removed luminaire on the deck or other dry location for such maintenance. The luminaire maintenance location shall be accessible without entering or going in the pool water.
In spa locations where wet-niche luminaires are installed low in the foot well of the spa, the luminaire shall only be required to reach the bench location, where the spa can be drained to make the bench location dry.
(C) Dry-Niche Luminaires.
(1) Construction. A dry-niche luminaire shall have provision for drainage of water. Other than listed low-voltage luminaires not requiring grounding, a dry-niche luminaire shall have mcans for accommodating one equipment grounding conduc- tor for cach conduit entry.
(2) Junction Box. A junction box shall not be required but, if used, shall not be required to be elevated or located as speci- ficd in 680.24(A) (2) if the luminaire is specifically identified for the purpose.
(D) No-Niche Luminaires. A no-niche luminaire shall meet the construction requirements of 680.23(B) (3) and be installed in accordance with t 680.23(B). Where connection to a form- ing shell is specified, the connection shall be to the mounting bracket.
(E) Through-Wall Lighting Assembly. A through-wall lighting assembly shall be equipped with a threaded entry or hub, or a nonmetallic hub, for the purpose of accommodating the termi-
nation of the supply conduit. A through-wall lighting assembly shall meet the construction requirements of 680.23(B) (3) and be installed in accordance with 680.23. Where connection to a forming shell is specified, the connection shall be to the conduit termination point.
(F) Branch-Circuit Wiring.
(1) Wiring Methods. Where branch-circuit wiring, on the supply side of enclosures and junction boxes connected to conduits run to underwater luminaires, is installed in corrosive environments, the wiring method of that portion of the branch circuit shall be in accordance with 680.14.
Exception: Where connecting to transformers or power supplies for pool lights, liquidtight flexible metal conduit shall be permitted. The length shall not exceed 1.8 m (6 ft) for any one length or exceed 3.0 m (10 ft) in total length used.
(2) Equipment Grounding. Other than listed low-voltage luminaires not requiring grounding, all through-wall lighting assemblies, wet-niche, dry-niche, or no-niche luminaires shall be connected to an insulated copper equipment grounding conductor installed with the circuit conductors. The equip- ment grounding conductor shall be installed without joint or splice except as permitted in 680.23(F)(2)(a) and (F) (2)(b). The equipment grounding conductor shall be sized in accord- ance with 250.122 but shall not be smaller than 12 AWG.
Exception: An equipment grounding conductor between the wiring chamber of the secondary winding of a transformer and a junction box shall be sized in accordance with the transformer secondary overcurrent protection provided.
(a) If more than one underwater luminaire is supplied by the same branch circuit, the equipment grounding conduc- tor, installed between the junction boxes, transformer enclo- sures, or other enclosures in the supply circuit to wet-niche luminaires, or between the field-wiring compartments of dry- niche luminaires, shall be permitted to be terminated on grounding terminals.
(b) If the underwater luminaire is supplied from a trans- former, ground-fault circuit interrupter, clock-operated switch, or a manual snap switch that is located between the panelboard and a junction box connected to the conduit that extends directly to the underwater luminaire, the equipment ground- ing conductor shall be permitted to terminate on grounding terminals on the transformer, ground-fault circuit interrupter, clock-operated switch enclosure, or an outlet box used to enclose a snap switch.
(3) Conductors. Conductors on the load side of a GFCI or of a transformer, used to comply with the provisions of 680.23(A) (8), shall not occupy raceways, boxes, or enclosures containing other conductors unless one of the following conditions applics:
(1) The other conductors are GFCI protected.
(2) The other conductors are equipment grounding conduc- tors and bonding jumpers as required per 680.23(B) (2) (b).
(3) The other conductors are supply conductors to a feed- through-type GFCI.
(4) GFCIs shall be permitted in a panelboard that contains circuits protected by other than ground-fault circuit inter- rupters.
70-590
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
680.26
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
680.24 Junction Boxes and Electrical Enclosures for Trans- formers or Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupters.
(A) Junction Boxes. A junction box connected to a conduit that extends directly to a forming shell or mounting bracket of a no-niche luminaire shall meet the requirements of this section.
(1) Construction. The junction box shall be listed, labeled, and identified as a swimming pool junction box and shall comply with the following conditions:
(1) Be equipped with threaded entries or hubs or a nonme- tallic hub
(2) Be comprised of copper, brass, suitable plastic, or other approved corrosion-resistant material
(3) Be provided with electrical continuity between every connected metal conduit and the grounding terminals by means of copper, brass, or other approved corrosion- resistant metal that is integral with the box
(2) Installation. Where the luminaire operates over the low- voltage contact limit, the junction box location shall comply with 680.24(A) (2) (a) and (A)(2)(b). Where the luminaire operates at the low-voltage contact limit or less, the junction box location shall be permitted to comply with 680.24(A) (2) (c).
(a) Vertical Spacing. The junction box shall be located not less than 100 mm (4 in.), measured from the inside of the bottom of the box, above the ground level, or pool deck, or not less than 200 mm (8 in.) above the maximum pool water level, whichever provides the greater elevation.
(b) Horizontal Spacing. The junction box shall be located not less than 1.2 m (4 ft) from the inside wall of the pool, unless separated from the pool by a solid fence, wall, or other permanent barrier.
(c) Flush Deck Box. If used on a lighting system operating at the low-voltage contact limit or less, a flush deck box shall be permitted if both of the following conditions are met:
(1) Potting compound is used to fill the box to prevent the entrance of moisture.
(2) The flush deck box is located not less than 1.2 m (4 ft) from the inside wall of the pool.
(B) Other Enclosures. An enclosure . for a transformer, ground-fault circuit interrupter, or a similar device connected to a conduit that extends directly to a forming shell or mount- ing bracket of a no-niche luminaire shall meet the require- ments of this section.
(1) Construction. The enclosure shall be listed and labeled for the purpose and meet the following requirements:
(1) Equipped with threaded entries or hubs or a nonmetallic hub
(2) Comprised of copper, brass, suitable plastic, or other approved corrosion-resistant material
(3) Provided with scaling compound identified for use with cable insulation, conductor insulation, bare conductor, shield, or other components, sat the conduit connection, that prevents circulation of air between the conduit and the enclosures
(4) Provided with electrical continuity between every connec- ted metal conduit and the grounding terminals by means of copper, brass, or other approved corrosion-resistant metal that is integral with the box
(2) Installation.
(a) Vertical Spacing. The enclosure shall be located not less than 100 mm (4 in.), measured from the inside of the bottom of the box, above the ground level, or pool deck, or not less than 200 mm (8 in.) above the maximum pool water level, whichever provides the greater elevation.
(b) Horizontal Spacing. The enclosure shall be located not less than 1.2 m (4 ft) from the inside wall of the pool, unless separated from the pool by a solid fence, wall, or other perma- nent barrier.
(C) Protection. Junction boxes and enclosures mounted above the grade of the finished walkway around the pool shall not be located in the walkway unless afforded additional protection, such as by location under diving boards, adjacent to fixed struc- tures, and the like.
(D) Grounding Terminals. Junction boxes, transformer and power-supply enclosures, and ground-fault circuit-interrupter enclosures connected to a conduit that extends directly to a forming shell or mounting bracket of a no-niche luminaire shall be provided with a number of grounding terminals that shall be no fewer than one more than the number of conduit entrics.
(E) Strain Relief. The termination of a flexible cord of an underwater luminaire within a junction box, transformer or power-supply enclosure, ground-fault circuit interrupter, or other enclosure shall be provided with a strain relief.
(F) Grounding. The grounding terminals of a junction box, transformer enclosure, or other enclosure in the supply circuit to a wet-niche or no-niche luminaire and the field-wiring cham- ber of a dry-niche luminaire shall be connected to the equip- ment grounding terminal of the panelboard. This terminal shall be directly connected to the panelboard enclosure.
680.26 Equipotential Bonding.
(A) Performance. The cquipotential bonding required by 680.26(B)and (C) to reduce voltage gradients in the pool arca shall be installed for pools with or without associated electrical equipment related to the pool.
(B) Bonded Parts. The parts specified in 680.26(B) (1) through (B) (7) shall be bonded together using solid copper conductors, insulated, covered, or bare, not smaller than 8 AWG or with rigid metal conduit of brass or other identified corrosion-resistant metal. Connections to bonded parts shall be made in accordance with 250.8. An 8 AWG or larger solid copper bonding conductor provided to reduce voltage gradi- ents in the pool arca shall not be required to be extended or attached to remote panelboards, service equipment, or electro- des.
(1) Conductive Pool Shells. Bonding to conductive pool shells shall be provided as specified in 680.26(B) (1) (a) or (B) (1) (b). Ca.st-in-place concrete, pneumatically applied or sprayed concrete, and concrete block with painted or plastered coat- ings shall all be considered conductive materials due to water permeability and porosity. Reconstructed pool shells shall also meet the requirements of this section. Vinyl liners and fiber- glass composite shells shall be considered to be nonconductive materials and not subject to these requirements.
(a) Structural Reinforcing Steel. Unencapsulated structural reinforcing steel shall be bonded together by steel tic wires or the equivalent. Where structural reinforcing steel is encapsula-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-591
680.26
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
ted in a nonconductive compound, a copper conductor grid shall be installed in accordance with 680.26(B) (1) (b)
(b) Copper Conductor Grid. A copper conductor grid shall be provided and shall comply with the following:
(1) Be constructed of minimum 8 AWG bare solid copper conductors bonded to cach other at all points of crossing in accordance with 250.8 or other approved means
(2) Conform to the contour of the pool
(3) Be arranged in a 300 mm (12 in.) by 300 mm (12 in.) network of conductors in a uniformly spaced perpendicu- lar grid pattern with a tolerance of 100 mm (4 in.)
(4) Be secured within or under the pool no more than 150 mm (6 in.) from the outer contour of the pool shell
(2) Perimeter Surfaces. The perimeter surface to be bonded shall be considered to extend for 1 m (3 ft) horizontally beyond the inside walls of the pool and shall include unpaved surfaces and other types of paving. Perimeter surfaces separa- ted from the pool by a permanent wall or building 1.5 m (5 ft) in height or more shall require cquipotential bonding only on the pool side of the permanent wall or building. Bonding to perimeter surfaces shall be provided as specified in 680.26(B) (2) (a), (B)(2)(b), or (B)(2)(c) and shall be attached to the pool reinforcing steel or copper conductor grid at a minimum of four points uniformly spaced around the perimeter of the pool. For nonconductive pool shells, bonding at four points shall not be required.
(a) Structural Reinforcing Steel. Structural reinforcing steel shall be bonded in accordance with 680.26(B) (1)(a).
(b) Copper Ring. Where structural reinforcing steel is not available or is encapsulated in a nonconductive compound, a copper conductor(s) shall be utilized where the following requirements are met:
(1) At least one minimum 8 AWG bare solid copper conduc- tor shall be provided.
(2) The conductors shall follow the contour of the perimeter surfacc.
(3) Only listed splicing devices or exothermic welding shall be permitted.
(4) The required conductor shall be 450 mm to 600 mm (18 in. to 24 in.) from the inside walls of the pool.
(5) The required conductor shall be secured within or under the perimeter surface 100 mm to.150 mm (4 in. to 6 in.) below the subgradc.
(c) Copper Grid. Where structural reinforcing steel is not available or is encapsulated in a nonconductive compound, copper grid shall be utilized where the following requirements arc met:
(1) The copper grid shall be constructed of 8 AWG solid bare copper and be arranged in accordance with 680.26(B) (1) (b) (3).
(2) The copper grid shall follow the contour of the perimeter surface extending 1 m (3 ft) horizontally beyond the inside walls of the pool.
(3) Only listed splicing devices or exothermic welding shall be permitted.
(4) The copper grid shall be secured within or under the deck or unpaved surfaces between 100 mm to 150 mm (4 in. to 6 in.) below the subgradc.
(3) Metallic Components. All metallic parts of the pool struc- turc, including reinforcing metal not addressed in 680.26(B) (1) (a), shall be bonded. Where reinforcing steel is encapsula-
ted with a nonconductive compound, the reinforcing steel shall not be required to be bonded.
(4) Underwater Lighting. All metal forming shells and mount- ing brackets of no-niche luminaires shall be bonded.
Exception: Listed low-voltage lighting systems with nonmetallic forming shells shall not require bonding.
(5) Metal Fittings. All metal fittings within or attached to the pool structure shall be bonded.
Exception: The following shall not be required to be bonded:
(1) Isolated parts that are not over 100 mm (4 in.) in any dimen- sion and do not penetrate into the pool structure more than 25 mm (1 in.)
(2) Metallic pool cover anchors intended for insertion in a concrete or masonry deck surface, 25 mm (1 in.) or less in any dimension and 51 mm (2 in.) or less in length
(3) Metallic pool cover anchors intended for insertion in a wood or composite deck surface, 51 mm (2 in.) or less in any flange dimension and 51 mm (2 in.) or less in length
(6) Electrical Equipment. Metal parts of the following electri- cal equipment shall be bonded:
(1) Electrically powered pool cover(s)
(2) Pool water circulation, treatment, heating, cooling, or dehumidification equipment
(3) Unless separated from the pool by a permanent barrier that prevents contact by a person, any other electrical equipment within 1.5 m (5 ft) measured horizontally from the inside wall of the pool, or 3.7 m (12 ft) mcas- ured vertically above the maximum water level of the pool, or as measured vertically above any observation stands, towers, or platforms, or any diving structures
Exception: Metal parts of listed equipment incorporating an approved system of double insulation shall not be bonded.
(a) Double-Insulated Water Pump Motors. Where a double- insulated water pump motor is installed under the provisions of this rule, a solid 8 AWG copper conductor of sufficient length to make a bonding connection to a replacement motor shall be extended from the swimming pool cquipotential bonding means to an accessible point in the vicinity of the pool pump motor. Where there is no connection between the swimming pool cquipotential bonding means and the equipment ground- ing system for the premises, this bonding conductor shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor of the motor circuit.
(b) Pool Water Heaters. For pool water heaters rated at more than 50 amperes and having specific instructions regard- ing bonding and grounding, only those parts designated to be bonded shall be bonded and only those parts designated to be grounded shall be grounded.
(7) Fixed Metal Parts. All fixed metal parts, including, but not limited to, metal-shcathed cables and raceways, metal piping, metal awnings, metal fences, and metal door and window frames, shall be bonded where located no greater than cither of the following:
(1) 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of the pool
(2) 3.7 m (12 ft) vertically above the maximum water level of the pool, observation stands, towers, or platforms, or any diving structures
Exception: Those separated from the pool by a permanent barrier that prevents contact by a person shall not be required to be bonded.
70-592
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
680.33
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
(C) Pool Water. Where none of the bonded parts as specified in 680.26(B) (1) through (B)(7) are in direct connection with the pool water, the pool water shall be in direct contact with an approved corrosion-resistant conductive surface that exposes not less than 5800 mm2 (9 in.2) of surface arca to the pool water at all times. The conductive surface shall be located where it is not exposed to physical damage or dislodgement during usual pool activities, and it shall be bonded in accord- ance with 680.26(B).
680.27 Specialized Pool Equipment.
(A) Underwater Audio Equipment. All underwater audio equipment shall be identified as underwater audio equipment.
(1) Speakers. Each speaker shall be mounted in an approved metal forming shell, the front of which is enclosed by a captive metal screen, or equivalent, that is bonded to, and secured to, the forming shell by a positive locking device that ensures a low-resistance contact and requires a tool to open for installa- tion or servicing of the speaker. The forming shell shall be installed in a recess in the wall or floor of the pool.
(2) Wiring Methods. Rigid metal conduit of brass or other identified corrosion-resistant metal, liquidtight flexible nonme- tallic conduit (LFNC), rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, or rein- forced thermosetting resin conduit shall extend from the forming shell to a listed junction box or other enclosure as provided in 680.24. Where rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit, reinforced thermosetting resin conduit, or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit is used, an 8 AWG insulated solid or stran- ded copper bonding jumper shall be installed in this conduit. The bonding jumper shall be terminated in the forming shell and the junction box. The termination of the 8 AWG bonding jumper in the forming shell shall be covered with, or encapsu- lated in, a listed potting compound to protect such connection from the possible deteriorating effect of pool water.
(3) Forming Shell and Metal Screen. The forming shell and metal screen shall be of brass or other approved corrosion- resistant metal. All forming shells shall include provisions for terminating an 8 AWG copper conductor.
(B) Electrically Operated Pool Covers.
(1) Motors and Controllers. The electric motors, controllers, and wiring shall be located not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) from the inside wall of the pool unless separated from the pool by a wall, cover, or other permanent barrier. Electric motors installed below grade level shall be of the totally enclosed type. The device that controls the operation of the motor for an electri- cally operated pool cover shall be located such that the device operator has full view of the pool.
Exception: Motors that are part of listed systems with ratings not exceed- ing the low-voltage contact limit that are supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A)(2) shall be permitted to be located less than 1.5 m (5 ft) from the inside walls of the pool.
(2) Protection. The electric motor and controller shall be connected to a GFCI-protected branch circuit.
Exception: Motors that are part of listed systems with ratings not exceed- ing the low-voltage contact limit that are supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A)(2) shall not be required to have GFCI protection.
(C) Deck Area Heating. The provisions of this section shall apply to all pool deck arcas, including a covered pool, where
electrically operated comfort heating units are installed within 6.0 m (20 ft) of the inside wall of the pool.
(1) Unit Heaters. Unit heaters shall be rigidly mounted to the structure and shall be of the totally enclosed or guarded typc. Unit heaters shall not be mounted over the pool or within the arca extending 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of a pool.
(2) Permanently Wired Radiant Heaters. Radiant electric heat- crs shall be suitably guarded and securely fastened to their mounting device(s). Heaters shall not be installed over a pool or within the arca extending 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of the pool and shall be mounted at least 3.7 m (12 ft) vertically above the pool deck unless otherwise approved.
(3) Radiant Heating Cables Not Permitted. Radiant heating cables embedded in or below the deck shall not be permitted.
680.28 Gas-Fired Water Heater.' Circuits serving gas-fired swim- ming pool and spa water heaters operating at voltages above the low-voltage contact limit shall be provided with GFCI protection.
Part III. Storable Pools, Storable Spas, Storable Hot Tubs, and Storable Immersion Pools
680.30 General. Electrical installations at storable pools, stor- able spas, storable hot tubs, or storable immersion pools shall comply with the provisions of Part I and Part III of this article.
680.31 Pumps. A cord-connected pool filter pump shall incor- porate an approved system of double insulation or its cquiva- lent and shall be provided with means for the termination of an equipment grounding conductor for the connection to the internal and nonaccessible non-current-carrying metal parts of the pump.
Cord-connected pool filter pumps shall be provided with a GFCI that is an integral part of the attachment plug or located in the power-supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attach- ment plug.
680.32 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protec- tion. All electrical equipment, including power-supply cords, used with storable pools shall have GFCI protection complying with 680.5(B) or SPGFCI protection complying with 680.5(C), as applicable.
All receptacles rated 125 volts through 250 volts, 60 amperes or less, located within 6.0 m (20 ft) of the inside walls of a stor- able pool, storable spa, or storable hot tub shall have GFCI protection complying with 680.5(B) or SPGFCI protection complying with 680.5(C), as applicable. In determining these dimensions, the distance to be measured shall be the shortest path the supply cord of an appliance connected to the recepta- cle would follow without piercing a floor, wall, ceiling, doorway with hinged or sliding door, window opening, or other effective permanent barrier.
680.33 Luminaires. An underwater luminaire, if installed, shall be installed in or on the wall of the storable pool, storable spa, or storable hot tub. It shall comply with cither 680.33(A) or (B).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-593
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
680.33
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
(A) Within the Low-Voltage Contact Limit. A luminaire shall be part of a cord-and plug connected lighting assembly. This assembly shall be listed as an assembly for the purpose and have the following construction features:
(1) No exposed metal parts
(2) A luminaire lamp that is suitable for use at the supplied voltage
(3) An impact-resistant polymeric lens, luminaire body, and transformer enclosure
(4) A transformer or power supply meeting the requirements of 680.23(A) (2) with a primary rating not over 150 V
(B) Over the Low-Voltage Contact Limit But Not over 150 Volts. A lighting assembly without a transformer or power supply and with the luminaire lamp(s) operating at not over 150 volts shall be permitted to be cord-and-plug-connected where the assembly is listed as an assembly for the purpose. The installation shall comply with 680.23(A) (5), and the as.sem- bly shall have the following construction features:
(1) No exposed metal parts
(2) An impact-resistant polymeric lens and luminaire body
(3) A GFCI with open neutral conductor protection as an integral part of the assembly
(4) The luminaire lamp permanently connected to the GFCI with open-neutral protection
(5) Compliance with the requirements of 680.23(A)
680.34 Receptacle Locations. Receptacles shall not be located less than 1.83 m (6 ft) from the inside walls of a storable pool, storable spa, or storable hot tub. In determining these dimen- sions, the distance to be measured shall be the shortest path the supply cord of an appliance connected to the receptacle would follow without piercing a floor, wall, ceiling, doorway with hinged or sliding door, window opening, or other effective permanent barrier.
680.35 Storable and Portable Immersion Pools. Storable and portable immersion pools shall additionally comply with 680.35(A) through (G).
(A) Cord Connection for Self-Contained Storable and Portable Immersion Pools. Self-contained storable and portable pack- aged immersion pools with identified integral permanently attached switches and/or controls, pumps, and/or heaters, including circulation heaters, rated 120 volts and 20 amperes or less, single phase, shall be permitted to be cord-and-plug- connected with a cord not shorter than 1.83 m (6 ft) and not longer than 4.6 m (15 ft), and shall be GFCI protected . The cord shall be minimum hard usage. If the GFCI is provided as an integral part of the cord assembly, it shall be located at the attachment plug or in the power supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug.
(B) Storable and Portable Pumps. A cord-connected storable or portable pump utilized with, but not built-in or permanently attached as an integral part of, a storable or portable immer- sion pool shall be listed, labeled, and identified for swimming pool and spa usc, and shall meet the requirements of 680.31.
(C) Storable and Portable Heaters. A storable or portable heater, including circulation heaters, used with, but not built-in or permanently attached as an integral part of, a storable or portable immersion pool shall be rated 120 volts and 20 amperes or less or 250 volts and 30 amperes or less, single phase; shall be identified for swimming pool and spa use; shall be permitted to be cord-and-plug-connected with a cord not
shorter than 1.83 m (6 ft) and not longer than 4.6 m (15 ft); and heaters supplied by branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground shall be provided with GFCI protection. The cord shall be minimum hard usage. If the GFCI is provided as an integral part of the cord assembly, it shall be located at the attachment plug or in the power supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug.
(D) Audio Equipment. Audio equipment shall not be installed in or on a self-contained storable or portable immersion pool. All audio equipment operating at greater than the low-voltage contact limit and located within 1.83 m (6 ft) from the inside walls of a storable or portable immersion pool shall be groun- ded and shall be GFCI protected.
(E) Location Proximate to Luminaires, Lighting Outlets, and Ceiling-Suspended (Paddle) Fans. The storable or portable immersion pool shall be installed at least 3 m (10 ft), measured diagonally from the nearest point on cach luminaire, lighting outlet, and ceiling-suspended (paddle) fan operating at greater than the low-voltage contact limit, to the nearest point on the top rim of the immersion pool. Luminaires shall not be instal- led in or on a storable or portable immersion pool.
(F) Location Proximate to Switches. The storable or portable immersion pool shall be installed at least 1.5 m (5 ft), mcas- ured horizontally, from all switches operating above the low- voltage contact limit. Switches that are packaged with the immersion pool as an integral part of its internal electrical system, or that are integral to cord-and-plug-connected electri- cal equipment utilized in the pool's water circulation or drain system, including storable and portable pumps, heaters, and circulation heaters, shall be permitted to be located less than 1.5 m (5 ft) from the inside walls of the pool.
(G) Receptacles. All receptacles rated 250 volts, 50 amperes or less, located within 6.0 m (20 ft) of the inside walls of the instal- led storable or portable immersion pool and utilized for supplying power to heaters or other electrical equipment serv- ing the immersion pool, shall meet the requirements of 680.32 and 680.34.
Part IV. Permanently Installed and Self-Contained Spas and Hot Tubs and Permanently Installed Immersion Pools
680.40 General. Electrical installations at spas and hot tubs shall comply with the provisions of Part I and Part IV of this article.
680.41 Location of Other Equipment.
(A) Emergency Switch for Spas and Hot Tubs. For other than one-family dwellings, a clearly labeled emergency shutoff or control switch for the purpose of stopping the motor(s) that provides power to the recirculation system and jet system shall be installed at a point readily accessible to the users and not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) away, adjacent to, and within sight of the spa or hot tub.
(B) Equipment Exceeding the Low-Voltage Contact Limit. Except for self-contained spas and hot tubs, equipment with ratings exceeding the low-voltage contact limit shall be located at least 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside walls of a spa or hot tub, unless separated from the spa or hot tub by a solid fence, wall, or other permanent barrier.
70-594
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
680.43
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
680.42 Outdoor Installations. A spa or hot tub installed outdoors shall comply with the provisions of Parts I and II of this article, except as permitted in 680.42(A) and (B), that would otherwise apply to pools installed outdoors.
(A) Flexible Connections. Listed packaged spa or hot tub equipment assemblies or self-contained spas or hot tubs utiliz- ing a factory-installed or assembled control panel or panel- board shall be permitted to use flexible connections as covered in 680.42(A) (1) and (A) (2).
(1) Flexible Conduit. Liquidtight flexible metal conduit or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit shall be permitted.
(2) Cord-and-Plug Connections. Cord-and-plug connections with a cord not longer than 4.6 m (15 ft) shall be permitted if GFCI protected.
(B) Bonding. Bonding by metal-to-metal mounting on a common frame or base shall be permitted. The metal bands or hoops used to secure wooden staves shall not be required to be bonded as required in 680.26.
Equipotential bonding of perimeter surfaces in accordance with 680.26(B) (2) shall not be required to be provided for spas and hot tubs where all of the following conditions apply:
(1) The spa or hot tub shall be listed, labeled, and identified as a self-contained spa for aboveground usc.
(2) The spa or hot tub shall not be identified as suitable only for indoor usc.
(3) The installation shall be in accordance with the manufac- turer's instructions and shall be located on or above gradc.
(4) The top rim of the spa or hot tub shall be atleast 710 mm (28 in.) above all perimeter surfaces that are within 760 mm (30 in.), measured horizontally from the spa or hot tub. The height of nonconductive external steps for entry to or exit from the self-contained spa shall not be used to reduce or increase this rim height measurement.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1563, Standard for Electric Spas, Equipment Assemblies, and Associated Equipment, for informa- tion regarding listing requirements for self-contained spas and hot tubs.
(C) Underwater Luminaires. Wiring to an underwater lumin- aire shall comply with 680.23 or 680.33.
680.43 Indoor Installations. A spa or hot tub installed indoors shall comply with the provisions of Parts I and II of this article except as modified by this section and shall be connected by the wiring methods of Chapter 3.
Exception No. 1: Listed spa and hot tub packaged units rated 20 amperes or less shall be permitted to be cord-and-plug-connected to facilitate the removal or disconnection of the unit for maintenance and repair.
Exception No. 2: The equipotential bonding requirements for perimeter surfaces in 680.26(B)(2) shall not apply to a listed self-contained spa or hot tub installed above a finished floor.
Exception No. 3: For a dwelling unit(s) only, where a listed spa or hot tub is installed indoors, the wiring method requirements of 680.42(C) shall also apply.
(A) Receptacles. At least one 125-volt, 15- or 20-ampere recep- tacle on a general-purpose branch circuit shall be located not
less than 1.83 m (6 ft) from, and not exceeding 3.0 m (10 ft) from, the inside wall of the spa or hot tub.
(1) Location. All receptacles shall be located at least 1.83 m (6 ft) mcasured horizontally from the inside walls of the spa or hot tub.
(2) Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protection for Receptacles, General. All receptacles rated 125 volts through 250 volts, 60 amperes or less, located within 3.0 m (10 ft) of the inside walls of a spa or hot tub shall have GFCI protection complying with 680.5(B) or SPGFCI protection complying with 680.5(C), as applicable.
(3) Protection, Spa or Hot Tub Supply Receptacle. Recepta- cles that provide power for a spa or hot tub shall not exceed 150 volts to ground and shall be GFCI protected.
(4) Measurements. In determining the dimensions in this section addressing receptacle spacings, the distance to be mcas- ured shall be the shortest path the supply cord of an appliance connected to the receptacle would follow without piercing a floor, wall, ceiling, doorway with hinged or sliding door, window opening, or other effective permanent barrier.
(B) Installation of Luminaires, Lighting Outlets, and Ceiling- Suspended (Paddle) Fans.
(1) Elevation. Luminaires, except as covered in 680.43(B) (2), lighting. outlets, and ceiling-suspended (paddle) fans located over the spa or hot tub or within 1.5 m (5 ft) from the inside walls of the spa or hot tub shall comply with the clearances specified in 680.43(B) (1) (a), (B) (1)(b), and (B)(1) (c) above the maximum water level.
(a) Without GFCI. Where no GFCI protection is provided, the mounting height shall be not less than 3.7 m (12 ft).
(b) With GFCI. Where GFCI protection is provided, the mounting height shall be permitted to be not less than 2.3 m (7 ft 6 in.).
(c) Below 2.3 m (7 ft 6 in.). Luminaires meeting the requirements of item (1) or (2) and protected by a ground- fault circuit interrupter shall be permitted to be installed less than 2.3 m (7 ft 6 in.) over a spa or hot tub:
(1) Recessed luminaires with a glass or plastic lens, nonmetal- lic or electrically isolated metal trim, and suitable for use in damp locations
(2) Surface-mounted luminaires with a glass or plastic globe, a nonmetallic body, or a metallic body isolated from contact, and suitable for use in damp locations
(2) Underwater Applications. Underwater luminaires shall comply with the provisions of 680.23 or 680.33.
(C) Switches. Switches shall be located at least 1.5 m (5 ft), measured horizontally, from the inside walls of the spa or hot tub.
(D) Bonding. The following parts shall be bonded together:
(1) All metal fittings within or attached to the spa or hot tub structure
(2) Metal parts of electrical equipment associated with the spa or hot tub water circulating system, including pump motors, unless part of a listed, labeled, and identified self- contained spa or hot tub
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-595
680.43
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
(3) Metal raceway and metal piping that are within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside walls of the spa or hot tub and that are not separated from the spa or hot tub by a permanent barrier
(4) All metal surfaces that are within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside walls of the spa or hot tub and that are not separated from the spa or hot tub arca by a permanent barrier
Exception: Small conductive surfaces not likely to become energized, such as air and water jets and drain fittings, where not connected to metallic piping, towel bars, mirror frames, and similar nonelectrical equipment, shall not be required to be bonded.
(5) Non-current-carrying metal parts of electrical devices and controls that are not associated with the spas or hot tubs and that are located within 1.5 m (5 ft) of such units
(E) Methods of Bonding. All metal parts associated with the spa or hot tub shall be bonded by any of the following meth- ods:
(1) The interconnection of threaded metal piping and fittings
(2) Metal-to-metal mounting on a common frame or base
(3) The provisions of a solid copper bonding jumper, insula- ted, covered, or bare, not smaller than 8 AWG
(F) Grounding. The following equipment shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor:
(1) All electrical equipment located within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside wall of the spa or hot tub
(2) All electrical equipment associated with the circulating system of the spa or hot tub
Exception to (1) and (2): Electrical equipment listed for operation at the low-voltage contact limit or less and supplied by a transformer or power supply that complies with 680.23(A)(2) shall not be required to be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
(G) Underwater Audio Equipment. Underwater audio equip- ment shall comply with the provisions of Part II of this article.
680.44 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protec- tion.
(A) General. Except as otherwise provided in this section, the outlet(s) that supplies a self-contained spa or hot tub, a pack- aged spa or hot tub equipment assembly, or a field-assembled spa or hot tub shall have GFCI protection complying with 680.5(B) or SPGFCI protection complying with 680.5(C), as applicable.
(B) Listed Units. If so marked, a listed self-contained unit or a listed packaged equipment assembly that includes integral GFCI protection for all electrical parts within the unit or assem- bly (pumps, air blowers, heaters, lights, controls, sanitizer generators, wiring, and so forth) shall be permitted without additional ground-fault protection.
(C) Gas-Fired Water Heaters. Circuits serving gas-fired spa and hot tub water heaters operating separately from the spa or hot tub they serve, and operating at voltages above the low- voltage contact limit, shall be GFCI protected.
680.45 Permanently Installed Immersion Pools. Electrical installations at permanently installed immersion pools, whether installed indoors or outdoors, shall comply with the provisions of Part I, Part II, and Part IV of this article except as modified
by this section and shall be connected by the wiring methods of Chapter 3. With regard to provisions in Part IV of this article, an immersion pool shall be considered to be a spa or hot tub.
Exception No. 1: The equipotential bonding requirements in 680.26(B) shall not apply to immersion pools that incorporate no permanently installed or permanently connected electrical equipment, and that are installed with all portions located on or above a finished floor.
Exception No. 2: The equipotential bonding requirements for perimeter surfaces in 680.26(B)(2) shall not apply to nonconductive perimeter surfaces, such as steps, treads, and walking surfaces made of fiberglass composite.
(A) Cord-and-Plug Connections. To facilitate the removal or disconnection of the unit(s) for maintenance, storage, and repair, self-contained portable packaged immersion pools with integral pumps and/or hcaters, including circulation heaters, rated 120 volts and 20 amperes or less shall be permitted to be cord-and-plug-connected with a cord not shorter than 1.83 m (6 ft) and not longer than 4.6 m (15 ft) and shall be GFCI protected. The cord shall ground all non-current-carrying metal parts of the electrical equipment. If the GFCI is provided as an integral part of the cord assembly, it shall be located at the attachment plug or in the power-supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug.
(B) Storable and Portable Pumps. A cord-connected storable or portable pump used with, but not built-in or permanently attached as an integral part of, a permanently installed immer- sion pool shall be identified for swimming pool and spa usc. It shall incorporate an approved system of double insulation or its equivalent and shall be provided with means for grounding only the internal and nonaccessible non-current-carrying metal parts of the appliance. Cord-connected pool filter pumps shall be provided with a GFCI that is an integral part of the attach- ment plug or located in the power-supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug.
(C) Heaters. Heaters used with permanently installed immer- sion pools shall comply with cither 680.45(C) (1) or (C) (2).
(1) Permanently Installed Heaters. A permanently installed heater, including immersion heaters, circulation heaters, and combination pump-hcater units, built-in or permanently attached as an integral part of a permanently installed immer- sion pool, rated 120 volts or 250 volts, shall be identified for swimming pool and spa use; shall be grounded and bonded; and heaters supplied by branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground shall be provided with GFCI protection. Perma- nently installed immersion heaters, rated 120 volts and 20 amperes or less or 250 volts and 30 amperes or less, single phase, are permitted to be cord-and-plug-connected with a cord not shorter than 1.83 m (6 ft) and not longer than 4.6 m (15 ft), shall be GFCI protected, and shall be provided with means for grounding all non-current-carrying metal parts of the appliance. If the GFCI is provided as an integral part of the cord assembly, it shall be located at the attachment plug or in the power-supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attach- ment plug.
(2) Storable and Portable Heaters. A cord-connected storable or portable heater, including immersion heaters, circulation heaters, and combination pump-heater units, used with, but not permanently installed or attached as an integral part of a permanently installed immersion pool, rated 120 volts and 20 amperes or less or 250 volts and 30 amperes or less, single
70-596
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
680.54
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
phase, shall be identified for swimming pool and spa usc; shall be cord-and-plug-connected with a cord not shorter than 1.83 m (6 ft) and not longer than 4.6 m (15 ft), heaters supplied by branch circuits rated 150 volts or less to ground shall be provided with Class A ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection, and shall be provided with means for grounding all non-current-carrying metal parts of the appliance. If the ground-fault circuit interrupter is provided as an integral part of the cord assembly, it shall be located at the attachment plug or in the power-supply cord within 300 mm (12 in.) of the attachment plug.
(D) Audio Equipment. Audio equipment shall not be installed in or on a permanently installed immersion pool. All audio equipment operating at greater than the low-voltage contact limit and located within 1.83 m (6 ft) from the inside walls of a permanently installed immersion pool shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor and GFCI protected.
Part V. Fountains
680.50 General. Part I and Part V of this article shall apply to all permanently installed fountains.
(A) Additional Requirements.
(1) Fountains that have water common to a pool shall also comply with Part II of Article 680.
(2) Fountains intended for recreational use by pedestrians, including splash pads, shall also comply with the require- ments in 680.26.
(3) Part V docs not apply to self-contained, portable foun- tains, which shall comply with Parts II and III of Arti- clc 422.
(B) Location of Equipment Exceeding the Low-Voltage Contact Limit. Equipment with ratings exceeding the low- voltage contact limit shall be located at least 1.5 m (5 ft) hori- zontally from the inside walls of a fountain, unless separated from the fountain by a solid fence, wall, or other permanent barricr.
680.51 Luminaires, Submersible Pumps, and Other Submersi- ble Equipment.
(A) Ground-Fault Circuit Interrupter. Luminaires, submersi- ble pumps, and other submersible equipment, unless listed for operation at low-voltage contact limit or less and supplied by a transformer or power supply that complies with 680.23(A) (2), shall be GFCI protected.
(B) Operating Voltage. No luminaires shall be installed for operation on supply circuits over 150 volts between conductors. Submersible pumps and other submersible equipment shall operate at 300 volts or less between conductors.
(C) Luminaire Lenses. Luminaires shall be installed with the top of the luminaire lens below the normal water level of the fountain unless listed for above-water locations. A luminaire facing upward shall comply with cither (1) or (2):
(1) Have the lens guarded to prevent contact by any person
(2) Be listed for use without a guard
(D) Overheating Protection. Electrical equipment that depends on submersion for safe operation shall be protected against overheating by a low-water cutoff or other approved means when not submerged.
(E) Wiring. Equipment shall be equipped with provisions for threaded conduit entries or be provided with a suitable flexible cord. The maximum length of cach exposed cord in the foun- tain shall be limited to 3.0 m (10 ft). Cords extending beyond the fountain perimeter shall be enclosed in approved wiring enclosures. Metal parts of equipment in contact with water shall be of brass or other approved corrosion-resistant metal.
(F) Servicing. All equipment shall be removable from the water for relamping or normal maintenance. Luminaires shall not be permanently embedded into the fountain structure such that the water level must be reduced or the fountain drained for rclamping, maintenance, or inspection.
(G) Stability. Equipment shall be inherently stable or be securely fastened in place.
680.52 Junction Boxes and Other Enclosures.
(A) General. Junction boxes and other enclosures used for other than underwater installation shall comply with 680.24.
(B) Underwater Junction Boxes and Other Underwater Enclo- sures. Junction boxes and other underwater enclosures shall meet the requirements of 680.52(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Construction.
(a) Underwater enclosures shall be equipped with provi- sions for threaded conduit entries or compression glands or scals for cord entry.
:(b) . Underwater enclosures shall be listed and rated for prolonged submersion and made of copper, brass, or other corrosion-resistant material.
(2) Installation. Underwater enclosure installations shall comply with 680.52(B) (2) (a) and (B) (2)(b).
(a) Underwater enclosures shall be filled with a listed potting compound to prevent the entry of moisture.
(b) Underwater enclosures shall be firmly attached to the supports or directly to the fountain surface and bonded as required. Where the junction box is supported only by conduits in accordance with 314.23(E) and (F), the conduits shall be of copper, brass, stainless steel, or other corrosion- resistant metal. Where the box is fed by nonmetallic conduit, it shall have additional supports and fasteners of copper, brass, or other corrosion-resistant material.
680.54 Grounding and Bonding.
(A) Grounding. The following equipment shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor:
(1) All electrical equipment located within the fountain or within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside wall of the fountain, other than listed low-voltage luminaires not requiring grounding
(2) All electrical equipment associated with the recirculating system of the fountain
(3) Panelboards that are not part of the service equipment and that supply any electrical equipment associated with the fountain
(B) Bonding. If a conductor is used for bonding, it shall be a minimum 8 AWG solid copper conductor. The following parts shall be bonded together and connected to an equipment grounding conductor for a branch circuit supplying fountain equipment:
(1) All metal piping systems associated with the fountain
(2) All metal fittings within or attached to the fountain
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-597
680.54
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
(3) Metal parts of electrical equipment associated with the fountain water-circulating system, including pump motors
(4) Metal raceways that are within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside wall or perimeter of the fountain and that are not separa- ted from the fountain by a permanent barrier
(5) All metal surfaces that are within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside wall or perimeter of the fountain and that are not separa- ted from the fountain by a permanent barrier
(6) Electrical equipment located less than 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside wall or perimeter of the fountain
(C) Equipotential Bonding of Splash Pads. For the purpose of cquipotential bonding, the shell of a splash pad shall comprise the arca traversed by pedestrians bounded by the extent of the footing of the splash pad and rising to its exposed surface(s) and its collection basin arca. The boundary of this arca shall be considered to be the inside wall for the purpose of perimeter bonding.
680.55 Methods of Grounding.
(A) Applied Provisions. The provisions of 680.7(A), 680.21(A), 680.23(B)(3), 680.23(F)(1) and (F)(2), and 680.24(F) shall apply.
(B) Supplied by a Flexible Cord. Electrical equipment that is supplied by a flexible cord shall have all exposed non-current- carrying metal parts grounded by an insulated copper equip- ment grounding conductor that is an integral part of this cord. The equipment grounding conductor shall be connected to an equipment grounding terminal in the supply junction box, transformer enclosure, power supply enclosure, or other enclo- surc.
680.56 Cord-and-Plug-Connected Equipment.
(A) GFCI Protection. All electrical equipment, including power-supply cords, shall be GFCI protected.
(B) Cord Type. Flexible cord immersed in or exposed to water shall be of a type for extra-hard usage, as designated in Table 400.4, and shall be a listed type with a "W" suffix.
(C) Sealing. The end of the flexible cord jacket and the flexi- ble cord conductor termination within equipment shall be covered with, or encapsulated in, a suitable potting compound to prevent the entry of water into the equipment through the cord or its conductors. In addition, the ground connection within equipment shall be similarly treated to protect such connections from the deteriorating effect of water that may enter into the equipment.
(D) Terminations. Connections with flexible cord shall be permanent, except that grounding-type attachment plugs and receptacles shall be permitted to facilitate removal or discon- nection for maintenance, repair, or storage of fixed or station- ary equipment not located in any water-containing part of a fountain.
680.57 Signs.
(A) General. This section covers electric signs installed within a fountain or within 3.0 m (10 ft) of the fountain cdgc.
(B) GFCI Protection. Branch circuits or feeders supplying the sign shall have GFCI protection.
(C) Location.
(1) Fixed or Stationary. A fixed or stationary electric sign installed within a fountain shall be not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) inside the fountain measured from the outside edges of the fountain.
(2) Portable. A portable electric sign shall not be placed within a pool or fountain or within 1.5 m (5 ft) measured hori- zontally from the inside walls of the fountain.
(D) Disconnect. A sign shall have a local disconnecting means in accordance with 600.6 and 680.13.
(E) Bonding and Grounding. A sign shall be grounded and bonded in accordance with 600.7.
680.58 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protection for Adjacent Receptacle Outlets. All receptacles rated 125 volts through 250 volts, 60 amperes or less, located within 6.0 m (20 ft) of a fountain edge shall have GFCI protection comply- ing with 680.5(B) or SPGFCI protection complying with 680.5(C), as applicable.
680.59 Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (GFCI) and Special Purpose Ground-Fault Circuit-Interrupter (SPGFCI) Protection for Permanently Installed Nonsubmersible Pumps. Outlets supplying all. permanently installed nonsubmersible pump motors shall have GFCI protection complying with 680.5(B) or SPGFCI protection complying with 680.5(C), as applicable.
Exception: Listed low-voltage motors not requiring grounding, with ratings not exceeding the low-voltage contart limit that are supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A)(2), shall be permitted to be installed without GFCI or SPGFCI protection.
Part VI. Pools and Tubs for Therapeutic Use
680.60 General. The provisions of Part I and Part VI of this article shall apply to pools and tubs for therapeutic use in health care facilities, gymnasiums, athletic training rooms, and similar arcas. Portable therapeutic appliances shall comply with Parts II and III of Article 422.
680.61 Permanently Installed Therapeutic Pools. Therapeutic pools that are constructed in the ground, on the ground, or in a building in such a manner that the pool cannot be readily disassembled shall comply with Parts I and II of this article.
Exception: The limitations of 680.22(B)(1) through (B)(4) shall not apply where all luminaires are of the totally enclosed type.
680.62 Therapeutic Tubs (Hydrotherapeutic Tanks). Thera- peutic tubs, used for the submersion and treatment of patients, that are not casily moved from one place to another in normal use or that are fastened or otherwise secured at a specific loca- tion, including associated piping systems, shall comply with Part VI.
(A) Protection. Except as otherwise provided in this section, the outlet(s) that supplies a self-contained therapeutic tub or hydrotherapeutic tank, a packaged therapeutic tub or hydro- therapeutic tank, or a field-assembled therapeutic tub or hydro- therapeutic tank shall be GFCI protected.
(1) Listed Units. If so marked, a listed, labeled, and identified self-contained unit or a listed, labeled, and identified packaged equipment assembly that includes integral ground-fault circuit-
70-598
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
680.80
ARTICLE 680 -SWIMMING POOLS, FOUNTAINS, AND SIMILAR INSTALLATIONS
interrupter protection for all electrical parts within the unit or assembly (pumps, air blowers, heaters, lights, controls, sanitizer generators, wiring, and so forth) shall be permitted without additional GFCI protection.
(2) Other Units. A therapeutic tub or hydrotherapeutic tank rated 3 phase or rated over 250 volts or with a heater load of more than 50 amperes shall not require the supply to be protected by a ground-fault circuit interrupter.
(B) Bonding. The following parts shall be bonded together:
(1) All metal fittings within or attached to the tub structure
(2) Metal parts of electrical equipment associated with the tub water circulating system, including pump motors
(3) Metal-shcathed cables and raceways and metal piping that arc within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside walls of the tub and not separated from the tub by a permanent barrier
(4) All metal surfaces that are within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside walls of the tub and not separated from the tub arca by a permanent barrier
(5) Electrical devices and controls that are not associated with the therapeutic tubs and located within 1.5 m (5 ft) from such units.
Exception: Small conductive surfaces not likely to become energized, such as air and water jets and drain fittings not connected to metallic piping, and towel bars, mirror frames, and similar nonelectrical equip- ment not connected to metal framing, shall not be required to be bonded.
(C) Methods of Bonding. All metal parts required to be bonded by this section shall be bonded by any of the following methods:
(1) The interconnection of threaded metal piping and fittings
(2) Metal-to-metal mounting on a common frame or base
(3) Connections by suitable metal clamps
(4) By the provisions of a solid copper bonding jumper, insu- lated, covered, or bare, not smaller than 8 AWG
(D) Grounding. The following fixed or stationary equipment shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor:
(1) All electrical equipment located within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside wall of the tub
(2) All electrical equipment associated with the circulating system of the tub
(E) Receptacles. All receptacles within 1.83 m (6 ft) of a thera- pcutic tub shall have ground-fault protection complying with 680.5(B) or (C), as applicable.
(F) Luminaires. All luminaires used in therapeutic tub arcas shall be of the totally enclosed type.
Part VII. Hydromassage Bathtubs
680.70 General. Hydromassage bathtubs as defined in Article 100 shall comply with Part VII of this article. They shall not be required to comply with other parts of this article.
680.71 Protection. Hydromassage bathtubs and their as.soci- ated electrical components shall be on an individual branch circuit(s) and protected by a readily accessible GFCI. All 125- volt, single-phase receptacles not exceeding 30 amperes and located within 1.83 m (6 ft) measured horizontally of the inside walls of a hydromassage tub shall be GFCI protected.
680.72 Other Electrical Equipment. Luminaires, switches, receptacles, and other electrical equipment located in the same room, and not directly associatedwith a hydromassage bathtub, shall be installed in accordance with Chapters 1 through 4 in this Code covering the installation of that equipment in bath- rooms.
680.73 Accessibility. Hydromassage bathtub electrical equip- ment shall be accessible without damaging the building struc- turc or building finish. Where the hydromassage bathtub is cord- and plug-connected with the supply receptacle accessible only through a service access opening, the receptacle shall be installed so that its face is within direct view and not more than 300 mm (1 ft) of the opening.
680.74 Bonding.
(A) General. The following parts shall be bonded together:
(1) All metal fittings within or attached to the tub structure that are in contact with the circulating water
(2) Metal parts of electrical equipment associated with the tub water circulating system, including pump and blower motors
(3) Metal-shcathed cables, metal raceways, and metal piping within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside walls of the tub and not separated from the tub by a permanent barrier
(4) All cxposed metal surfaces that are within 1.5 m (5 ft) of the inside walls of the tub and not separated from the tub arca by a permanent barrier
(5) Non-current-carrying metal parts of electrical devices and controls that are not associated with the hydromassage tubs within 1.5 m (5 ft) from such units
Exception No. 1: Small conductive surfaces not likely to become ener- gized, such as air and water jets, supply valve assemblies, and drain fittings not connected to metallic piping, and towel bars, mirror frames, and similar nonelectrical equipment not connected to metal framing shall not be required to be bonded.
Exception No. 2: Double-insulated motors and blowers shall not be bonded.
Exception No. 3: Small conductive surfaces of electrical equipment not likely to become energized, such as the mounting strap or yoke of a listed light switch or receptacle that is grounded, shall not be required to be bonded.
(B) Bonding Conductor. All metal parts required to be bonded by this section shall be bonded together using a solid copper bonding jumper, insulated, covered, or bare, not smaller than 8 AWG. The bonding jumper(s) shall be required for cquipotential bonding in the area of the hydromassage bathtub and shall not be required to be extended or attached to any remote panelboard, service equipment, or any elec- trode. In all installations a bonding jumper long enough to terminate on a replacement non-double-insulated pump or blower motor shall be provided and shall be terminated to the equipment grounding conductor of the branch circuit of the motor when a double-insulated circulating pump or blower motor is used.
Part VIII. Electrically Powered Pool Lifts
680.80 General. Electrically powered pool lifts as defined in Article 100 shall comply with Part VIII of this article. Part VIII shall not be subject to the requirements of other parts of this
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-599
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
680.81
ARTICLE 682 -NATURAL AND ARTIFICIALLY MADE BODIES OF WATER
article except where the requirements are specifically refer- enced.
680.81 Equipment Approval. Lifts shall be listed, labeled, and identified for swimming pool and spa usc.
Exception No. 1: Lifts where the battery is removed for charging at another location and the battery is rated less than or equal to the low- voltage contact limit shall not be required to be listed or labeled.
Exception No. 2: Solar-operated or solar-recharged lifts where the solar panel is attached to the lift and the battery is rated less than or equal to 24 volts shall not be required to be listed or labeled.
Exception No. 3: Lifts that are supplied from a source not exceeding the low-voltage contact limit and supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A)(2) shall not be required to be listed or labeled.
680.82 Protection. Pool lifts connected to premises wiring and operated above the low-voltage contact limit shall be provided with GFCI protection and comply with 680.5.
680.83 Equipotential Bonding. Lifts shall be bonded in accordance with 680.26(B) (5) and (B) (7) using solid copper conductors, insulated, covered, or bare, not smaller than 8 AWG. Connections to bonded parts shall be made in accord- ance with 250.8. An 8 AWG or larger solid copper bonding conductor provided to reduce voltage gradients in the pool lift arca shall not be required to be extended or attached to remote panelboards, service equipment, or electrodes.
680.84 Switching Devices and Receptacles. Switches and switching devices that are operated above the low-voltage contact limit shall comply with 680.22(C). Receptacles for elec- trically powered pool lifts that are operated above the low- voltage contact limit shall comply with 680.22(A) (3) and (A) (4).
680.85 Nameplate Marking. Electrically powered pool lifts shall be provided with a nameplate giving the identifying name and model and rating in volts and amperes, or in volts and watts. If the lift is to be used on a specific frequency'or frequen- cics, it shall be so marked. Battery-powered pool lifts shall indi- cate the type reference of the battery or battery pack to be used. Batteries and battery packs shall be provided with a battery type reference and voltage rating.
Exception: Nameplate ratings for battery-powered pool lifts shall only need to provide a rating in volts in addition to the identifying name and model.
ARTICLE 682 Natural and Artificially Made Bodies of Water
Part I. General
682.1 Scope. This article applies to the installation of electri- cal wiring for, and equipment in and adjacent to, natural or artificially made bodies of water not covered by other articles in this Code, such as, but not limited to, acration ponds, fish farm
ponds, storm retention basins, treatment ponds, and irrigation (channels) facilities.
682.3 Other Articles. If the water is subject to boat traffic, the wiring shall comply with 555.34(B).
682.4 Industrial Application. This article shall not apply in industrial applications where there is alarm indication of equip- ment faults and the following conditions are in place:
(1) Conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service and operate the installed systems.
(2) Continued circuit operation is necessary for safe opera- tion of equipment or processes.
682.5 Electrical Datum Plane Distances. The electrical datum planc shall consist of one of the following:
(1) In land arcas subject to tidal fluctuation, the electrical datum planc shall be a horizontal plane 600 mm (2 ft) above the highest tide level for the arca occurring under normal circumstances, that is, highest high tide.
(2) In land arcas not subject to tidal fluctuation, the electri- cal datum planc shall be a horizontal plane 600 mm (2 ft) above the highest water level for the arca occurring under normal circumstances.
(3) In land areas subject to flooding, the electrical datum planc based on (1) or (2) above shall be a horizontal plane. 600 mm (2 ft) above the point identified as the prevailing high water mark or an equivalent benchmark based on seasonal or storm-driven flooding from the authority having jurisdiction.
The electrical datum plane for floating structures and land- ing stages that are (a) installed to permit rise and fall response to water level, without lateral movement, and (b) that are so cquipped that they can rise to the datum plane established for (1) or (2) above, shall be a horizontal planc 750 mm (30 in.) above the water level at the floating structure or landing stage and a minimum of 300 mm (12 in.) above the level of the deck.
Part II. Installation
682.10 Electrical Equipment and Transformers. Electrical equipment and transformers, including their enclosures, shall be specifically approved for the intended location. No portion of an enclosure for electrical equipment not identified for operation while submerged shall be located below the electri- cal datum planc.
682.11 Location of Electrical Distribution Equipment. On land, the equipment serving feeders shall comply with one of the following:
(1) Be located no closer than 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the shoreline, and live parts of the equipment are eleva- ted a minimum of 300 mm (12 in.) above the electrical datum planc
(2) Be located no closer than the shoreline, and live parts of the equipment are located a minimum of 3 m (10 ft) above the electrical datum planc
682.12 Electrical Connections. Electrical connections shall comply with 682.12(A) or (B).
70-600
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
682.32
ARTICLE 682 - NATURAL AND ARTIFICIALLY MADE BODIES OF WATER
(A) General. All electrical connections not intended for oper- ation while submerged shall be located at least 300 mm (12 in.) above the deck of a floating or fixed structure but not below the electrical datum plane on fixed structures. Conductor spli- ces, within junction boxes identified for wet locations, using scaled wire connector systems listed and identified for submer- sion shall be required for floating structures where located above the waterline but below the electrical datum planc.
(B) Replacements. Replacement electrical connections loca- ted below the electrical datum plane shall be identified for submersion.
682.13 Wiring Methods and Installation. Wiring methods and installation shall comply with 682.13(A) through (C).
(A) Wiring Methods. Wiring methods suitable for use in wet locations that include an insulated equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted.
(B) Portable Power Cables. Extra-hard usage portable power cables that contain an insulated equipment grounding conduc- tor rated not less than 75 (167ºF) and 600 volts shall be permitted as follows:
(1) As permanent wiring on the underside of piers (floating or fixed)
(2) Where flexibility is necessary as on piers composed of floating sections
(C) Submersible or Floating Equipment Power Connection(s). Submersible or floating equipment shall be cord-and plug- connected, using extra-hard usage cord, as designated in Table 400.4 and listed with a "W" suffix.
682.14 Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting means shall be provided to isolate cach submersible or floating electrical equipment from its supply connection(s) without requiring the plug to be removed from the receptacle. Plug and receptacle combinations shall be arranged to be suitable for the location while in usc.
Exception: Equipment listed for direct connection and equipment anch- ored in place and incapable of routine movement caused by water currents or wind shall be permitted to be connected using wiring meth- ods covered in 682.13.
(A) Type and Marking. The disconnecting means shall consist of a circuit breaker, a switch, or both, and shall be specifically marked to designate which receptacle or other outlet it controls.
(B) Location. The disconnecting means shall be readily acces- sible on land, located not more than 750 mm (30 in.) from the receptacle it controls, and shall be located in the supply circuit ahead of the receptacle. The disconnecting means shall be located within sight of but not closer than 1.5 m (5 ft) from the shoreline and shall be elevated not less than 300 mm (12 in.) above the datum planc.
682.15 Ground-Fault Protection. The GFCI requirements in this article, unless otherwise noted, shall be in addition to the requirements in 210.8. Ground-fault protective devices shall be listed and provided in accordance with 682.15(A) and (B). The protective device shall be located not less than 300 mm (12 in.) above the established electrical datum planc.
(A) Outlets. Outlets supplied by branch circuits not exceeding 150 volts to ground and 60 amperes, single-phase, shall bc
provided with ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel.
(B) Feeder and Branch Circuits on Piers. Feeder and branch- circuit conductors that are installed on piers shall be provided with ground-fault protection not exceeding 30 mA. Coordina- tion with downstream ground-fault protection shall be permit- ted at the feeder overcurrent protective device.
Exception No. 1: Transformer secondary conductors of a separately derived ac system, operating at voltages exceeding 15 volts ac, that do not exceed 3 m (10 ft) and are installed in a raceway shall be permitted to be installed without ground-fault protection. This exception shall also apply to the supply terminals of the equipment supplied by the transformer secondary conductors.
Exception No. 2: Low-voltage circuits not requiring grounding, not exceeding the low-voltage contact limit as defined in Article 100, and supplied by listed transformers or power supplies that comply with 680.23(A)(2) shall be permitted to be installed without ground-fault protection.
Part III. Grounding and Bonding
682.30 Grounding. Wiring and cquipment within the scope of this article shall be grounded as specified in 555.37, 555.54, and the requirements in Part III of this article.
682.31 Equipment Grounding Conductors.
(A) Equipment to Be Connected to Equipment Grounding Conductor. The following shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor run with the circuit conductors in the same raceway, cable, or trench:
(1) Metal boxes, metal cabinets, and all other metal enclo- surcs
(2) Mctal frames of utilization equipment
(3) Grounding terminals of grounding-type receptacles
(B) Type. Equipment grounding conductors shall be insulated copper conductors sized in accordance with 250.122 but not smaller than 12 AWG.
(C) Feeders. Where a feeder supplies a remote panelboard or other distribution equipment, an insulated equipment ground- ing conductor shall extend from a grounding terminal in the service to a grounding terminal and busbar in the remote panelboard or other distribution equipment.
(D) Branch Circuits. The insulated equipment grounding conductor for branch circuits shall terminate at a grounding terminal in a remote panelboard or other distribution equip- ment or the grounding terminal in the main service equip- ment.
(E) Cord-and-Plug-Connected Appliances. Unless double insu- lated, cord-and-plug-connected appliances shall be grounded by means of an equipment grounding conductor in the cord and a grounding-type attachment plug.
Exception: An equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to be uninsulated if the EGC is part of a listed cable assembly identified for the environment and not subject to environments such as, but not limi- ted to, storm water basins, sewage treatment ponds, and natural bodies of water containing salt.
682.32 Bonding of Non-Current-Carrying Metal Parts. All metal parts in contact with the water, all metal piping, tanks,
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-601
682.33
ARTICLE 685 -INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS
and all non-current-carrying metal parts that are likely to become energized shall be bonded to the grounding terminal in the distribution equipment.
682.33 Equipotential Planes and Bonding of Equipotential Planes. An cquipotential planc shall be installed where required in this section to mitigate step and touch voltages at electrical equipment.
(A) Areas Requiring Equipotential Planes. Equipotential planes shall be installed adjacent to all outdoor service equip- ment or disconnecting means that control equipment in or on water, that have a metallic enclosure and controls accessible to personnel, and that are likely to become energized. The cqui- potential planc shall encompass the arca around the cquip- ment and shall extend from the arca directly below the equipment out not less than 900 mm (36 in.) in all directions from which a person would be able to stand and come in contact with the equipment.
(B) Areas Not Requiring Equipotential Planes. Equipotential planes shall not be required for the controlled equipment supplied by the service equipment or disconnecting means.
(C) Bonding.
(1) Bonded Parts. The parts specified in 682.33(C) (1) through (C)(3) shall be bonded together and to the electrical grounding system. Bonding conductors shall be solid copper, insulated, covered or bare, and not smaller than 8 AWG. Connections shall be made by exothermic welding or by listed pressure connectors or clamps that are labeled as being suita- ble for the purpose and are of stainless steel, brass, copper, or copper alloy.
(2) Outdoor Service Equipment and Disconnects. Outdoor service equipment or disconnecting means that control equip- ment in or on water, that have a metallic enclosure and controls accessible to personnel, and that are likely to become energized shall be bonded to the cquipotential planc.
(3) Walking Surfaces. Surfaces directly below the equipment specified in 682.33(C) (2) but not less than 900 mm (36 in.) in all directions from the equipment from which a person would be able to stand and come in contact with the equipment shall be bonded to the cquipotential planc. Bonding to this surface shall be wire mesh or other conductive elements on, embedded in, or placed under the walk surface within 75 mm (3 in.).
ARTICLE 685 Integrated Electrical Systems
Part I. General
685.1 Scope. This article covers integrated electrical systems, other than unit equipment, in which orderly shutdown is necessary to ensure safe operation. An integrated electrical system as used in this article is a unitized segment of an industrial wiring system where all of the following conditions are met:
(1) An orderly shutdown is required to minimize personnel hazard and equipment damage.
(2) The conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that qualified persons service the system. The name(s) of the qualified person(s) shall be kept in a permanent record at the office of the establishment in charge of the completed installation.
A person designated as a qualified person shall possess the skills and knowledge related to the construction and operation of the electrical equipment and installation and shall have received documented safety training on the hazards involved. Documentation of their qualifica- tions shall be on file with the office of the establishment in charge of the completed installation.
(3) Effective safeguards approved by the authority having jurisdiction are established and maintained.
685.3 Application of Other Articles. The articles/sections in Table 685.3 apply to particular cases of installation of conduc- tors and equipment, where there are orderly shutdown require- ments that are in addition to those of this article or are modifications of them.
Part II. Orderly Shutdown
685.10 Location of Overcurrent Devices in or on Premises. Location of overcurrent devices that are critical to integrated electrical systems shall be permitted to be accessible, with mounting heights permitted to ensure security from operation by unqualified personnel.
685.12 Direct-Current System Grounding. Two-wire dc circuits shall be permitted to be ungrounded.
685.14 Ungrounded Control Circuits. Where operational continuity is required, control circuits of 150 volts or less from separately derived systems shall be permitted to be ungroun- ded.
Table 685.3 Application of Other Articles
Conductor/Equipment
Section
More than one building or other structure
225, Part II
Ground-fault protection of equipment
230.95, Exception
Protection of conductors
240.4
Electrical system coordination 240.12
Ground-fault protection of 240.13(1)
equipment
Grounding ac systems of
250.21
50 volts to less than 1000 volts
Equipment protection
427.22
Orderly shutdown 430.44
Disconnection 430.75, Exception Nos. 1 and 2
Disconnecting means in sight from controller
430.102(A), Exception No. 2
Energy from more than one source
430.113, Exception Nos. 1 and 2
Disconnecting means
645.10, Exception 645.11(1)
supplies (UPS)
Point of connection
705.12
70-602
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Uninterruptible power
ARTICLE 690 - SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
690.7
ARTICLE 690 Solar Photovoltaic (PV) Systems
Part I. General
690.1 Scope. This article applies to solar PV systems, other than those covered by Article 691, including the array circuit(s), inverter(s), and controller(s) for such systems. The systems covered by this article include those interactive with other electric power production sources or stand-alone, or both. These PV systems may have ac or dc output for utiliza- tion.
Informational Note No. 1: See Informational Note Figure 690.1. Informational Note No. 2: Article 691 covers the installation of large-scale PV electric supply stations.
PV string circuit or PV source circuit
PV source circuit
DC combiner
Solar cells
Module
To other equipment
PV string circuit or PV source circuit
PV string circuit or PV source circuit
DC-to-DC converter
Module
DC-to-DC converter circuit
Informational Note Figure 690.1 Illustration of PV System DC Circuits and PV System Components in a Typical PV Installation.
690.4 General Requirements.
(A) PV Systems. PV systems shall be permitted to supply a building or other structure in addition to any other electrical supply system (s).
(B) Equipment. Electronic power converters, motor genera- tors, PV modules, ac modules and ac module systems, dc combiners, PV rapid shutdown equipment (PVRSE), PV hazard control cquipment (PVHICE), PV hazard control systems (PVHCS), dc circuit controllers, and charge controllers inten- ded for use in PV systems shall be listed or be evaluated for the application and have a field label applied.
(C) Qualified Personnel. The installation of equipment, asso- ciated wiring, and interconnections shall be performed only by qualified persons.
(D) Multiple PV Systems. Multiple PV systems shall be permit- ted to be installed in or on a single building or structurc. Where the PV systems are remotely located from cach other, a directory in accordance with 705.10 shall be provided at cach PV system disconnecting means.
(E) Locations Not Permitted. PV system equipment and disconnecting means shall not be installed in bathrooms.
(F) Electronic Power Converters Mounted in Not Readily Accessible Locations. Electronic power converters and their associated devices shall be permitted to be mounted on roofs or other arcas that are not readily accessible. Disconnecting means shall be installed in accordance with 690.15.
(G) PV Equipment Floating on Bodies of Water. PV cquip- ment floating on or attached to structures floating on bodies of water shall be identified as being suitable for the purpose and shall utilize wiring methods that allow for any expected move- ment of the equipment.
Informational Note: PV equipment in these installations are often subject to increased levels of huinidity, corrosion, and mechanical and structural stresses. Expected movement of floating PV arrays is often included in the structural design.
690.6 Alternating-Current (ac) Modules and Systems.
(A) Photovoltaic Source Circuits. The requirements of Arti- cle 690 pertaining to PV source circuits shall not apply to ac modules or ac module systems. The PV source circuit, conduc- tors, and inverters shall be considered as internal components of an ac module or ac module system.
(B) Output Circuit. The output of an ac module or ac module system shall be considered an inverter output circuit.
Part II. Circuit Requirements
690.7 Maximum Voltage. The maximum voltage shall be used to determine the voltage and voltage to ground of circuits in the application of this Code. Maximum voltage shall be used for conductors, cables, equipment, working space, and other appli- cations where voltage limits and ratings are used. The maxi- mum voltage of PV system dc circuits shall be the highest voltage between any two conductors of a circuit or any conduc- tor and ground and shall comply with the following:
(1) PV system de circuits shall not exceed 1000 volts within or originating from arrays located on or attached to build- ings and PV system de circuits inside buildings.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-603
690.7
ARTICLE 690 -SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
(2) PV system de circuits shall not exceed 600 volts on or in one- and two-family dwellings.
(3) PV system de circuits exceeding 1000 volts shall comply with 690.31 (G).
(A) Photovoltaic Source Circuits. The maximum de voltage for a PV source circuit shall be calculated in accordance with one of the following methods:
(1) The sum of the PV module-rated open-circuit voltage of the series-connected modules in the PV string circuit corrected for the lowest expected ambient temperature using the open-circuit voltage temperature coefficients in accordance with the instructions included in the listing or labeling of the module
(2) For crystalline and multicrystalline silicon modules, the sum of the PV module-rated open-circuit voltage of the scrics-connected modules in the PV string circuit correc- ted for the lowest expected ambient temperature using the correction factors provided in Table 690.7(A)
(3) For PV systems with an inverter generating capacity of 100 k W or greater, a documented and stamped PV system design, using an industry standard method maximum voltage calculation provided by a licensed professional electrical engineer
Informational Note No. 1: One source for lowest-expected, ambient temperature design data for various locations the chap- ter titled "Extreme Annual Mean Minimum Design Dry Bulb Temperature" found in the ASHRAE Handbook - Fundamentals, 2017. These temperature data can be used to calculate maxi- mum voltage.
Informational Note No. 2: See SAND 2004-3535, Photovoltaic Array Performance Model, for one industry standard method for calculating maximum voltage of a PV system.
(B) DC-to-DC Converter Circuits. In PV dc-to-dc converter circuits, the maximum voltage shall be calculated in accord- ance with 690.7(B) (1) or (B) (2).
(1) Single DC-to-DC Converter. For circuits connected to the output of a single de-to-dc converter, the maximum voltage shall be determined in accordance with the instructions inclu- ded in the listing or labeling of the dc-to-de converter. If the
Table 690.7(A) Voltage Correction Factors for Crystalline and Multicrystalline Silicon Modules
Correction Factors for Ambient Temperatures Below 25 (77°F). (Multiply the rated open-circuit voltage by the appropriate correction factor shown below.)
Ambient Temperature ()
Factor
Ambient Temperature (*F)
24 to 20
1.02
76 to 68
19 to 15
1.04
67 to 59
14 to 10
1.06
58 to 50
9 to 5
1.08
49 to 41
4 to 0
1.10
40to32
-1 to-5
1.12
31 to 23
-6 to-10
1.14
22 to 14
-11 to-15
1.16
13 to 5
-16 to-20
1.18
4 to-4
-21 to-25
1.20
-5 to-13
-26 to -30
1.21
-14 to-22
-31 to-35
1.23
-23 to-31
-36 to -40
1.25
-32 to -40
instructions do not provide a method to determine the maxi- mum voltage, the maximum voltage shall be the maximum rated voltage output of the dc-to-dc converter.
(2) Two or More Series-Connected DC-to-DC Converters. For circuits connected to the output of two or more series- connected de-to-de converters, the maximum voltage shall be determined in accordance with the instructions included in the listing or labeling of the de-to-dc converter. If the instructions do not provide a method to determine the maximum voltage, the maximum voltage shall be the sum of the maximum rated voltage output of the dc-to-de converters in series.
(C) Bipolar PV Source Circuits. For monopole subarrays in bipolar systems, the maximum voltage shall be the highest volt- age between the monopole circuit conductors where one conductor of the monopole circuit is connected to the func- tionally grounded reference. To prevent overvoltage in the event of a ground fault or arc fault, the monopole circuits shall be isolated from ground.
(D) Marking DC PV Circuits. A permanent readily visible label indicating the highest maximum de voltage in a PV system, calculated in accordance with 690.7, shall be provided by the installer at one of the following locations:
(1) DC PV system disconnecting means
(2) PV system electronic power conversion equipment
(3) Distribution equipment associated with the PV system
690.8 Circuit Sizing and Current.
(A) Calculation of Maximum Circuit Current. The maximum current for the specific circuit shall be calculated in accordance with one of the methods in 690.8(A) (1) or (A) (2).
(1) PV System Circuits. The maximum current shall be calcu- lated in accordance with 690.8(A) (1) (a) through (A) (1) (c). (a) Photovoltaic Source Circuit Currents The maximum current shall be as calculated in either of the following:
(1) The maximum current shall be the sum of the short- circuit current ratings of the PV modules connected in parallel multiplied by 125 percent.
(2) For PV systems with an inverter generating capacity of 100 kW or greater, a documented and stamped PV system design, using an industry standard method maximum current calculation provided by a licensed professional electrical engineer, shall be permitted. The calculated maximum current value shall be based on the highest 3- hour current average resulting from the simulated local irradiance on the PV array accounting for elevation and orientation. The current valuc used by this method shall not be less than 70 percent of the value calculated using 690.8(A) (1) (a) (1).
Informational Note: Scc SAND 2004-3535, Photovoltaic Array Performance Model, for one industry standard method for calculating maximum current of a PV system. This model is used by the System Advisor Model simulation program provi- ded by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
(b) PV DC-to-DC Converter Circuit Current. The maximum current shall be the sum of parallel connected dc-to-dc converter continuous output current ratings.
(c) Inverter Output Circuit Current. The maximum current shall be the inverter continuous output current rating.
Informational Note: Modules that can produce electricity when exposed to light on multiple surfaces are labeled with applicable
70-604
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 690 -SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
690.9
short-circuit currents. Additional guidance is provided in the instructions included with the listing.
(2) Circuits Connected to the Input of Electronic Power Converters. Where a circuit is protected with an overcurrent device not exceeding the conductor ampacity, the maximum current shall be permitted to be the rated input current of the electronic power converter input to which it is connected.
(B) Conductor Ampacity. Circuit conductors shall have an ampacity not less than the larger of 690.8(B) (1) or (B)(2).
(1) Without Adjustment and Correction Factors. The mini- mum conductor size with an ampacity not less than the maxi- mum currents calculated in 690.8(A) multiplied by 125 percent.
Exception: Circuits containing an assembly, together with its overcur- rent device(s), that is listed for continuous operation at 100 percent of its rating shall be permitted to be used at 100 percent of its rating.
(2) With Adjustment and Correction Factors. The maximum currents calculated in 690.8(A) with adjustment and correction factors.
(C) Systems with Multiple Direct-Current Voltages. For a PV power source that has multiple output circuit voltages and employs a common-return conductor, the ampacity of the common-return conductor shall not be less than the sum of the ampere ratings of the overcurrent devices of the individual output circuits.
(D) Multiple PV String Circuits. Where an overcurrent device is used to protect more than one set of parallel-connected PV string circuits, the ampacity of cach conductor protected by the device shall not be less than the sum of the following:
(1) The rating of the overcurrent device
(2) The sum of the maximum currents as calculated in 690.8(A)(1) (a) for the other parallel-connected PV string circuits protected by the overcurrent device
690.9 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Circuits and Equipment. PV system de circuit and inverter output conductors and equipment shall be protected against overcurrent. Circuits sized in accordance with 690.8(A) (2) arc required to be protected against overcurrent with overcurrent protective devices. Each circuit shall be protected from over- current in accordance with 690.9(A) (1), (A) (2), or (A) (3).
(1) Circuits Where Overcurrent Protection Not Required. Overcurrent protective devices shall not be required where both of the following conditions are met:
(1) The conductors have sufficient ampacity for the maxi- mum circuit current.
(2) The currents from all sources do not exceed the maxi- mum overcurrent protective device rating specified for the PV module or electronic power converter.
(2) Circuits Where Overcurrent Protection is Required on One End. A circuit conductor connected at one end to a current- limited supply, where the conductor is rated for the maximum circuit current from that supply, and also connected to sources having an available maximum circuit current greater than the ampacity of the conductor, shall be protected from overcurrent at the point of connection to the higher current source.
Informational Note: Photovoltaic system dc circuits and elec- tronic power converter outputs powered by these circuits are
current-limited and in some cases do not need overcurrent protection. Where these circuits are connected to higher current sources, such as parallel-connected PV system dc circuits, energy storage systems, or a utility service, the overcur- rent device is often installed at the higher current source end of the circuit conductor.
(3) Other Circuits. Circuits that do not comply with 690.9(A) (1) or (A) (2) shall be protected with one of the following methods:
(1) Conductors not greater than 3 m (10 ft) in length and not in buildings, protected from overcurrent on one end
(2) Conductors not greater than 3 m (10 ft) in length and in buildings, protected from overcurrent on one end and in a raceway or metal clad cable
(3) Conductors protected from overcurrent on both ends
(4) Conductors not installed on or in buildings are permitted to be protected from overcurrent on one end of the circuit where the circuit complies with all of the following conditions:
a. The conductor's are installed in metal raceways or metal-clad cables, or installed in enclosed metal cable trays, or underground, or where directly entering pad- mounted enclosures.
b. The conductors for cach circuit terminate on one end at a single circuit breaker or a single set of fuses that limit the current to the ampacity of the conductors.
c. The overcurrent device for the conductors is an inte- gral part of a disconnecting means or shall be located within 3 m (10 ft) of conductor length of the discon- necting means.
d. The disconnecting means for the conductors is instal- led outside of a building, or at a readily accessible location nearest the point of entrance of the conduc- tors inside of a building, including installations complying with 230.6.
(B) Device Ratings. Overcurrent devices used in PV source circuits shall be listed for use in PV systems. Electronic devices that are listed to prevent backfeed current in PV system dc circuits shall be permitted to prevent overcurrent of conduc- tors on the PV array side of the device. Overcurrent devices, where required, shall be rated in accordance with one of the following and permitted to be rounded up to the next higher standard size in accordance with 240.4(B):
(1) Overcurrent devices shall be rated not less than 125 percent of the maximum currents calculated in 690.8(A).
(2) An assembly, together with its overcurrent device(s), that is listed for continuous operation at 100 percent of its rating shall be permitted to be used at 100 percent of its rating.
Informational Note: Some electronic devices prevent backfeed current, which in some cases is the only source of overcurrent in PV system dc circuits.
(C) PV System DC Circuits. A single overcurrent protective device, where required, shall be permitted to protect the PV modules, dc-to-dc converters, and conductors of cach circuit. Where single overcurrent protection devices are used to protect circuits, all overcurrent devices shall be placed in the same polarity for all circuits within a PV system. The overcur- rent devices shall be accessible but shall not be required to be readily accessible.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-605
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
690.9
ARTICLE 690 -SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
Informational Note: Due to improved ground-fault protection required in PV systems by 690.41(B), a single overcurrent protective device in either the positive or negative conductors of a PV system in combination with this ground-fault protection provides adequate overcurrent protection.
(D) Transformers. Overcurrent protection for power trans- formers shall be installed in accordance with 705.30(F).
Exception: A power transformer with a current rating on the side connected toward the interactive inverter output, not less than the rated continuous output current of the inverter, shall be permitted without overcurrent protection from the inverter.
690.11 Arc-Fault Circuit Protection (de). Photovoltaic systems with PV system de circuits operating at 80 volts dc or greater between any two conductors shall be protected by a listed PV arc-fault circuit interrupter or other system components listed to provide equivalent protection. The system shall detect and interrupt arcing faults resulting from a failure in the intended continuity of a conductor, connection, module, or other system component in the PV system de circuits.
Exception: PV system dc circuits that utilize metal-clad cables, are installed in metal rareways or enclosed metal cable trays, or are under- ground shall be permitted without arc-fault circuit protection if the installation complies with at least one of the following:
(1) The PV system de circuits are not installed in or on buildings.
(2) The PV system de circuits are located in or on detached structures whose sole purpose is to support or contain PV system equipment.
690.12 Rapid Shutdown of PV Systems on Buildings. PV system circuits installed on or in buildings shall include a rapid shutdown function to reduce shock hazard for firefighters in accordance with 690.12(A) through (D).
Exception No. 1: Ground-mounted PV system circuits that enter build- ings, of which the sole purpose is to house PV system equipment, shall not be required to comply with 690.12.
Exception No. 2: PV equipment and circuits installed on nonenclosed detached structures including but not limited to parking shade struc- tures, carports, solar trellises, and similar structures shall not be required to comply with 690.12.
Informational Note: Exceptions for rapid shutdown are inten- ded to be consistent with building and fire codes that have limi- tations as to the types of buildings on which firefighters typically perform rooftop operations.
(A) Controlled Conductors. Requirements for controlled conductors shall apply to the following:
(1) PV system de circuits
(2) Inverter output circuits originating from inverters located within the array boundary
Informational Note: The rapid shutdown function reduces the risk of electrical shock that de circuits in a PV system could pose for firefighters. The ac output conductors from PV systems that include inverters will either be de-energized after shutdown initiation or will remain energized by other sources such as a utility service. To prevent PV arrays with attached inverters from having energized ac conductors within the PV array(s), those circuits are also specifically controlled after shutdown initiation.
Exception: PV system circuits originating within or from arrays not attached to buildings that terminate on the exterior of buildings and PV system circuits installed in accordance with 230.6 shall not be consid- ered controlled conductors for the purposes of 690. 12.
(B) Controlled Limits. The use of the term array boundary in this section is defined as 305 mm (1 ft) from the array in all directions. Controlled conductors outside the array boundary shall comply with 690.12(B) (1) and inside the array boundary shall comply with 690.12(B) (2). Equipment and systems shall be permitted to meet the requirements of both inside and outside the array as defined by the manufacturer's instructions included with the listing.
(1) Outside the Array Boundary. Controlled conductors loca- ted outside the boundary or more than 1 m (3 ft) from the point of entry inside a building shall be limited to not more than 30 volts within 30 seconds of rapid shutdown initiation. Voltage shall be measured between any two conductors and between any conductor and ground.
(2) Inside the Array Boundary. The PV system shall comply with one of the following:
(1) The PV system shall provide shock hazard control for fire- fighters through the use of a PVHICS installed in accord- ance with the instructions included with the listing or field labeling. Where a PVHCS requires initiation to tran- sition to a controlled state, the rapid shutdown initiation device required in 690.12(C) shall perform this initiation.
Informational Note No. 1: A listed or field-labeled PVHCS is comprised of either an individual piece of equipment that fulfills the necessary functions or multiple pieces of equipment coordinated to perfonn the functions as described in the instal- lation. instructions to reduce the risk of electric shock hazard within a damaged PV array for firefighters. See U'L 3741, Photo- voltair Hazard Control.
(2) The PV system shall provide shock hazard control for fire- fighters by limiting the highest voltage inside equipment or between any two conductors of a circuit or any conduc- tor and ground inside array boundary to not more than 80 volts within 30 seconds of rapid shutdown initiation.
Informational Note No. 2: Common methods include the use of PV equipment with a limited maximum voltage of 80 volts as determined by 690.7, PVRSE, PVHCE, or any combination of these.
(C) Initiation Device. Where circuits identified in 690.12(A) are required to meet the requirements in 690.12(B), an initia- tion device(s) shall be provided and shall initiate the rapid shutdown function. The device's "off" position shall indicate that the rapid shutdown function has been initiated for all PV systems connected to that device. For one-and two-family dwell- ings, an initiation device(s), where required, shall be located at a readily accessible outdoor location.
For a single PV system, the rapid shutdown initiation shall occur by the operation of any single initiation device. Devices shall consist of at least one or more of the following:
(1) Service disconnecting means
(2) PV system disconnecting means
(3) Readily accessible switch that plainly indicates whether it is in the "off" or "on" position
Where multiple PV systems are installed with rapid shutdown functions on a single service, the initiation device(s) shall consist of not more than six switches or six sets of circuit break- crs, or a combination of not more than six switches and sets of circuit breakers, mounted in a single enclosure, or in a group of separate enclosures. These initiation device(s) shall initiate
70-606
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
690.15
ARTICLE 690 -SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
the rapid shutdown of all PV systems with rapid shutdown func- tions on that service.
(D) Buildings with Rapid Shutdown. Buildings with PV systems shall have a permanent label located at cach service equipment location to which the PV systems are connected or at an approved readily visible location and shall indicate the location of rapid shutdown initiation devices. The label shall include a simple diagram of a building with a roof and shall include the following words:
SOLAR PV SYSTEM IS EQUIPPED WITH RAPID SHUT- DOWN. TURN RAPID SHUTDOWN SWITCH TO THE "OFF" POSI- TION TO SHUT DOWN PV SYSTEM AND REDUCE SHOCK HAZARD IN ARRAY.
The title "SOLAR PV SYSTEM IS EQUIPPED WITH RAPID SHUTDOWN" shall have these letters capitalized and having a minimum height of 9.5 mm ('% in.). All text shall be legible and contrast the background.
Informational Note: See Informational Note Figure 690.12(D).
(1) Buildings with More Than One Rapid Shutdown Type. For buildings that have PV systems with more than one rapid shut- down type or PV systems with no rapid shutdown, a detailed plan view diagram of the roof shall be provided showing cach different PV system with a dotted line around arcas that remain energized after rapid shutdown is initiated.
(2) Rapid Shutdown Switch. A rapid shutdown switch shall have a label that includes the following wording located on or no more than 1 m (3 ft) from the switch:
RAPID SHUTDOWN SWITCH FOR SOLAR PV SYSTEM
The label shall be reflective, with all letters capitalized and having a minimum height of 9.5 mm (% in.) in white on red background.
Part III. Disconnecting Means
690.13 Photovoltaic System Disconnecting Means. Micans shall be provided to disconnect the PV system from all wiring systems including power systems, energy storage systems, and utilization equipment and its associated premises wiring.
SOLAR PV SYSTEM EQUIPPED WITH RAPID SHUTDOWN
TURN RAPID SHUTDOWN SWITCH TO THE "OFF" POSITION TO SHUT DOWN PV SYSTEM AND REDUCE SHOCK HAZARD IN THE ARRAY.
SOLAR ELECTRIC PV PANELS
Informational Note Figure 690.12(D) Label for Roof- Mounted PV Systems with Rapid Shutdown.
(A) Location.
(1) Readily Accessible. The PV system disconnecting means shall be installed at a readily accessible location.
(2) Enclosure Doors and Covers. Where a disconnecting means for circuits operating above 30 volts is readily accessible to unqualified persons, an enclosure door or hinged cover that exposes energized parts when open shall have its door or cover locked or require a tool to be opened.
(B) Marking. Each PV system disconnecting means shall plainly indicate whether in the open (off) or closed (on) posi- tion and be permanently marked "PV SYSTEM DISCONNECT" or equivalent. Additional markings shall be permitted based upon the specific system configuration. For PV system discon- necting means where the line and load terminals may be ener- gized in the open position, the device shall be marked with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING ELECTRIC SHOCK HAZARD TERMINALS ON THE LINE AND LOAD SIDES MAY BE ENERGIZED IN THE OPEN POSITION
The warning sign (s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(C) Maximum Number of Disconnects. Each PV system disconnecting means shall consist of not more than six switches or six sets of circuit breakers, or a combination of not more than six switches and sets of circuit breakers, mounted in a single enclosure, or in a group of separate enclosures. A single PV system disconnecting means shall be permitted for the combined ac output of one or more inverters or ac modules.
Informational Note: This requirement does not limit the number of PV systems connected to a service as pennitted in 690.4(D). This requirement allows up to six disconnecting means to disconnect a single PV system. For PV systems where all power is converted through interactive inverters, a dedicated circuit breaker, in 705.12(B) (1), is an example of a single PV system disconnecting means.
(D) Ratings. The PV system disconnecting means shall have ratings sufficient for the maximum circuit current, available fault current, and voltage that is available at the terminals of the PV system disconnect.
(E) Type of Disconnect. The PV system disconnecting means shall simultaneously disconnect the PV system conductors that are not solidly grounded from all conductors of other wiring systems. The PV system disconnecting means or its remote operating device or the enclosure providing access to the disconnecting means shall be capable of being locked in accordance with 110.25. The PV system disconnecting means shall be one of the following:
(1) A manually operable switch or circuit breaker
(2) A connector meeting the requirements of 690.33(D) (1) or (D) (3)
(3) A pull-out switch with the required interrupting rating
(4) A remote-controlled switch or circuit breaker that is oper- able locally and opens automatically when control power is interrupted
(5) A device listed or approved for the intended application Informational Note: Circuit breakers marked "line" and "load" may not be suitable for backfeed or reverse current.
690.15 Disconnecting Means for Isolating Photovoltaic Equip- ment. Disconnecting means of the type required in 690.15(A)
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-607
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
690.15
ARTICLE 690 -SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
shall be provided to disconnect ac PV modules, fuses, dc-to-dc converters, inverters, and charge controllers from all conduc- tors that are not solidly grounded.
(A) Type of Disconnecting Means. Where a disconnect is required to isolate equipment, the disconnecting means shall be one of the following:
(1) An equipment disconnecting means in accordance with 690.15(C)
(2) An isolating device as part of listed equipment where an interlock or similar means prevents the opening of the isolating device under load
(3) For circuits with a maximum circuit current of 30 amperes or less, an isolating device in accordance with 690.15(B)
(B) Isolating Device. An isolating device shall not be required to have an interrupting rating. Where an isolating device is not rated for interrupting the circuit current, it shall be marked "Do Not Disconnect Under Load" or "Not for Current Inter- rupting." An isolating device shall not be required to simulta- ncously disconnect all current-carrying conductors of a circuit. The isolating device shall be one of the following:
(1) A mating connector meeting the requirements of 690.33 and listed and identified for use with specific equipment
(2) A finger-safe fuse holder
(3) An isolating device that requires a tool to place the device in the open (off) position
(4) An isolating device listed for the intended application
(C) Equipment Disconnecting Means. Equipment disconnect- ing means shall comply with the following:
(1) Have ratings sufficient for the maximum circuit current, available fault current, and voltage that is available at the terminals.
(2) Simultaneously disconnect all current-carrying conduc- tors that are not solidly grounded to the circuit to which it is connected.
(3) Be externally operable without exposing the operator to contact with energized parts and shall indicate whether in the open (off) or closed (on) position. Where not within sight or not within 3 m (10 ft) of the cquipment, the disconnecting means or its remote operating device or the enclosure providing access to the disconnecting means shall be capable of being locked in accordance with 110.25.
(4) Be one of the types in 690.13(E) (1) through (E)(5).
Equipment disconnecting means, other than those comply- ing with 690.33, shall be marked in accordance with the warn- ing in 690.13(B) if the line and load terminals can be energized in the open position.
Informational Note: A common installation practice is to termi- nate PV source-side dc conductors in the same manner that util- ity source-side ac conductors are generally connected on the line side of a disconnecting means. This practice is more likely to de-energize load-side terminals, blades, and fuses when the disconnect is in the open position and no energized sources are connected to the load side of the disconnect.
(D) Location and Control. Isolating devices or equipment disconnecting means shall comply with one or more of the following:
(1) Located within the equipment
(2) Located in sight from and readily accessible from the equipment for those to whom access is required
(3) Lockable in accordance with 110.25
(4) Provided with remote controls to activate the disconnect- ing means where the remote controls comply with one of the following:
a. The disconnecting means and their controls are loca- ted within the same equipment.
b. The disconnecting means is lockable in accordance with 110.25, and the location of the controls arc marked on the disconnecting means.
Part IV. Wiring Methods and Materials 690.31 Wiring Methods.
(A) Wiring Systems.
(1) Serviceability. Where wiring devices with integral enclo- sures are used, sufficient length of cable shall be provided to facilitate replacement.
(2) Where Readily Accessible. Where not guarded, PV system dc circuit conductors operating at voltages greater than 30 volts that are readily accessible to unqualified persons shall be instal- led in Type MIC cable, in multiconductor jacketed cable, or in raccway.
(3) Conductor Ampacity. The ampacity of 105 (221°F) and 125° (257ºF) conductors shall be permitted to be determined by Table 690.31 (A) (3) (1). For ambient temperatures greater than 30°C (86°F), the ampacities of these conductors shall be corrected in accordance with Table 690.31(A) (3)(2).
(4) Special Equipment. In addition to wiring methods inclu- ded elsewhere in this Code, other wiring systems specifically listed for use in PV systems shall be permitted.
Informational Note: See 110.14(C) for conductor temperature limitations due to termination provisions.
Table 690.31 (A)(3)(1) Ampacities of Insulated Conductors Rated Up To and Including 2000 Volts, 105 Through 125 (221°F Through 257ºF), Not More Than Three Current- Carrying Conductors in Raceway, Cable, or Earth (Directly Buried), Based on Ambient Temperature of 30 (86°F)
Types
AWG
PVC, CPE, XLPE 105°
XLPE, EPDM 125°
18
15
16
16
19
20
14
29
31
12
36
39
10
46
50
8
64
69
6
81
87
4
109
118
3
129
139
2
143
154
1
168
181
1/0
193
208
2/0
229
247
3/0
263
284
4/0
301
325
70-608
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
690.31
ARTICLE 690 - SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
Table 690.31(A)(3)(2) Correction Factors
Temperature Rating of Conductor
Ambient Temperature
105°
125
()
(221°F)
(257ºF)
Ambient Temperature (*F)
30
1
1
86
31-35
0.97
0.97
87-95
36-40
0.93
0.95
96-104
41-45
0.89
0.92
105-113
46-50
0.86
0.89
114-122
51-55
0.82
0.86
123-131
56-60
0.77
0.83
132-140
61-65
0.73
0.79
141-149
66-70
0.68
0.76
150-158
71-75
0.63
0.73
159-167
76-80
0.58
0.69
168-176
81-85
0.52
0.65
177-185
86-90
0.45
0.61
186-194
91-95
0.37
0.56
195-203
96-100
0.26
0.51
204-212
101-105
0.46
213-221
106-110
0.4
222-230
111-115
0.32
231-239
116-120
0.23
240-248
(B) Identification and Grouping.
(1) Conductors of Different Systems. Where not otherwise allowed in an equipment's listing, PV system de circuits shall not occupy the same equipment wiring enclosure, cable, or raceway as other non-PV systems or inverter output circuits unless separated from other circuits by a barrier or partition.
Exception: Where all conductors or cables have an insulation rating equal to at least the maximum circuit voltage applied to any conductor within the same wiring method, the following shall be permitted:
(1) Multiconductor jacketed cables for remote control, signaling, or power-limited circuits shall be permitted within the same wiring enclosure, cable, or raceway as PV system dc' circuits where all circuits serve the PV system.
(2) Inverter output circuits shall be permitted to occupy the same junction box, pull box, orwireway with PV system de circuits that are identified and grouped as required by 690.31(B)(2) and (B) (3).
(3) PV system de circuits utilizing multiconductor jacketed cable or metal-clad cable assemblies or listed wiring harnesses identified for the application shall be permitted to occupy the same wiring method as inverter output circuits and other non-PV systems.
(2) Identification. PV system de circuit conductors shall be identified at all termination, connection, and splice points by color coding, marking tapc, tagging, or other approved means in accordance with 690.31 (B) (2) (a) and (B) (2) (b).
Exception: Where the identification of the conductors is evident by spac- ing or arrangement, further identification shall not be required.
(a) Conductors that rely on other than color coding for polarity identification shall be identified by an approved permanent marking means such as labeling, sleeving, or shrink- tubing that is suitable for the conductor sizc.
(b) The permanent marking means for nonsolidly grounded positive conductors shall include imprinted plus signs (+) or the word POSITIVE or POS durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, or gray. The
permanent marking means for nonsolidly grounded negative conductors shall include imprinted negative signs (-) or the word NEGATIVE or NEG durably marked on insulation of a color other than green, white, gray, or red. Only solidly groun- ded PV system de circuit conductors shall be marked in accord- ance with 200.6.
(3) Grouping. Where ac and dc conductors of PV systems occupy the same junction box, pull box, or wireway, the ac and dc circuit conductors shall be grouped separately by cable tics or similar means at least once and at intervals not to exceed 1.8 m (6 ft).
Exception: The requirement for grouping shall not apply if the circuit enters from a cable or raceway unique to the circuit that makes the grouping obvious.
(C) Cables. Typc PV wirc or cable and Type distributed gener- ation (DG) cable shall be listed.
Informational Note: See UL 4703, Standard for Photovoltair Wire, for PV wire and UL 3003, Distributed Generation Cables, for DG cable. PV wire and cable and DG cable have a nonstandard outer diameter.
(1) Single-Conductor Cable. Single-conductor cables shall comply with 690.31 (C) (1) (a) through (C) (1) (c).
(a) Single-conductor cable in exposed outdoor locations in PV system de circuits within the PV array shall be permitted to be one of the following:
(1) PV wirc or cable
(2) Single-conductor cable marked sunlight resistant and Typc USE-2 and Type RHW-2
(b) Exposed cables sized 8 AWG or smaller shall be supported and secured at intervals not to exceed 600 mm (24 in.) by cable tics, straps, hangers, or similar fittings listed and identified for securement and support in outdoor loca- tions. PV wire or cable shall be permitted in all locations where RHW-2 is permitted.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-609
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
690.31
ARTICLE 690 -SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
PV systems meeting the requirements of 691.4 shall be permitted to have support and securement intervals as defined in the engineered design.
(c) Exposed cables sized larger than 8 AWG shall be supported and secured at intervals not to exceed 1400 mm (54 in.) by cable tics, straps, hangers, or similar fittings listed and identified for securement and support in outdoor loca- tions.
(2) Cable Tray. Single-conductor PV wirc or cable of all sizes or distributed generation (DG) cable of all sizes, with or with- out a cable tray rating, shall be permitted in cable trays installed in outdoor locations, provided that the cables arc supported at intervals not to exceed 300 mm (12 in.) and secured at intervals not to exceed 1400 mm (54 in.).
Where installed in uncovered cable trays, ampacity of single- conductor PV wire smaller than 1/0 AWG, the adjustment factors for 1/0 AWG single conductor cable in 392.80(A) (2) shall be permitted to be used.
Where single-conductor PV wire smaller than 1/0 AWG is installed in ladder ventilated trough cable trays, the following shall apply:
(1) All single conductors shall be installed in a single layer.
(2) Conductors that are bound together to comprise cach circuit pair shall be permitted to be installed in other than a single layer.
(3) The sum of diameters of all single conductor cables shall not exceed the cable tray width.
(3) Multiconductor Jacketed Cables. Where part of a listed PV assembly, multiconductor jacketed cables shall be installed in accordance with the included instructions. Where not part of a listed assembly or where not otherwise covered in this Code, multiconductor jacketed cables, including DG cable, shall be installed in accordance with the product listing and shall be permitted in PV systems. These cables shall be installed in accordance with the following:
(1) In raceways, where on or in buildings other than rooftops (2) Where not in raceways, in accordance with the following:
a. Marked sunlight resistant in exposed outdoor loca- tions
b. Protected or guarded, where subject to physical damage
c. Closely follow the surface of support structures
d. Secured at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft)
c. Sccured within 600 mm (24 in.) of mating connectors or entering enclosures
f. Marked direct burial, where buried in the carth
(4) Flexible Cords and Cables Connected to Tracking PV Arrays. Flexible cords and flexible cables, where connected to moving parts of tracking PV arrays, shall comply with Arti- cle 400 and shall be of a type identified as a hard service cord or portable power cable; they shall be suitable for extra-hard usage, listed for outdoor use, water resistant, and sunlight resistant. Allowable ampacitics shall be in accordance with 400.5. Stranded copper PV wire shall be permitted to be connected to moving parts of tracking PV arrays in accordance with the minimum number of strands specified in Table 690.31(C) (4).
(5) Flexible, Fine-Stranded Cables. Flexible, fine-stranded cables shall be terminated only with terminals, lugs, devices, or connectors in accordance with 110.14.
Table 690.31(C)(4) Minimum PV Wire Strands
PV Wire AWG
Minimum Strands
18
17
16-10
19
8-4
49
2
130
1 AWG-1000 MCM
259
(6) Small-Conductor Cables. Single-conductor cables listed for outdoor use thatare sunlight resistant and moisture resistant in sizes 16 AWG and 18 AWG shall be permitted for module inter- connections where such cables meet the ampacity require- ments of 400.5. Section 310.14 shall be used to determine the cable ampacity adjustment and correction factors.
(D) Direct-Current Circuits on or in Buildings. Wiring meth- ods on or in buildings shall comply with the installation requirements in 690.31(D) (1) and (D)(2).
(1) Metal Raceways and Enclosures. Where inside buildings, PV system de circuits that exceed 30 volts or 8 amperes shall be contained in metal raceways, in Type MC metal-clad cable that complies with 250.118(A) (10)(b) or (A)(10) (c), or in metal enclosures.
Exception: PVIICS installed in accordance with 690.12(B)(2)(1) shall be permitted to be provided with or listed for use with nonmetallic enclo- sure(s), nonmetallic raceway(s), and cables other than Type MC metal- clad cable(s), at the point of penetration of the surface of the building.
(2) Marking and Labeling. Unless located and arranged so the purpose is evident, the following wiring methods and enclo- sures that contain PV system dc circuit conductors shall be marked with the wording PHOTOVOLTAIC POWER SOURCE or SOLAR PV DC CIRCUIT by means of permanently affixed labels or other approved permanent marking:
(1) Exposed raceways, cable trays, and other wiring methods
(2) Covers or enclosures of pull boxes and junction boxes
(3) Conduit bodies in which any of the available conduit openings arc unused
The labels or markings shall be visible after installation. All letters shall be capitalized and shall be a minimum height of 9.5 mm (3% in.) in white on a red background. Labels shall appear on every section of the wiring system that is separated by enclosures, walls, partitions, ceilings, or floors. Spacing between labels or markings, or between a label and a marking, shall not be more than 3 m (10 ft). Labels required by this section shall be suitable for the environment where they are installed.
(E) Bipolar Photovoltaic Systems. Where the sum, without consideration of polarity, of the voltages of the two monopole circuits exceeds the rating of the conductors and connected equipment, monopole circuits in a bipolar PV system shall be physically separated, and the electrical output circuits from cach monopole circuit shall be installed in separate raceways until connected to the inverter. The disconnecting means and overcurrent protective devices for cach monopole circuit output shall be in separate enclosures. All conductors from cach separate monopole circuit shall be routed in the same raceway. Solidly grounded bipolar PV systems shall be clearly marked with a permanent, legible warning notice indicating
70-610
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 690 -SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
690.41
that the disconnection of the grounded conductor(s) may result in overvoltage on the equipment.
Exception: Listed switchgear rated for the maximum voltage between circuits and containing a physical barrier separating the disconnecting means for each monopole circuit shall be permitted to be used instead of disconnecting means in separate enclosures.
(F) Wiring Methods and Mounting Systems. Roof-mounted PV array mounting systems shall be permitted to be held in place with an approved means other than those required by 110.13 and shall utilize wiring methods that allow any expected movement of the array.
Informational Note: Expected movement of unattached PV anays is often included in structural calculations.
(G) Over 1000 Volts DC. Equipment and wiring methods containing PV system de circuits with a maximum voltage greater than 1000 volts shall comply with the following:
(1) Shall not be permitted on or in one- and two-family dwell- ings.
(2) Shall not be permitted within buildings containing habit- able rooms.
(3) Where installed on the exterior of buildings shall be loca- ted less than 3 m (10 ft) above grade. Wiring methods containing PV system de circuits connected to this equip- ment shall not be permitted to attach to the building greater than 10 m (33 ft) along the building surface from the equipment.
690.32 Component Interconnections. Fittings and connectors that are intended to be concealed at the time of on-site as.sem- bly, where listed for such usc, shall be permitted for on-site interconnection of modules or other array components. Such fittings and connectors shall be equal to the wiring method employed in insulation, temperature rise, and short-circuit current rating, and shall be capable of resisting the effects of the environment in which they are used.
690.33 Mating Connectors. Mating connectors, other than connectors covered by 690.32, shall comply with 690.33(A) through (D).
(A) Configuration. The mating connectors shall be polarized and shall have a configuration that is noninterchangeable with receptacles in other electrical systems on the premises.
(B) Guarding. The mating connectors shall be constructed and installed so as to guard against inadvertent contact with live parts by persons.
(C) Type. The mating connectors shall be of the latching or locking type. Mating connectors that are readily accessible and that are used in circuits operating at over 30 volts dc or 15 volts ac shall require a tool for opening. Where mating connectors are not of the identical type and brand, they shall be listed and identified for intermatability, as described in the manufactur- er's instructions.
(D) Interruption of Circuit. Mating connectors shall be one of the following:
(1) Rated for interrupting current without hazard to the operator
(2) A type that requires the use of a tool to open and marked "Do Not Disconnect Under Load" or "Not for Current Interrupting"
(3) Supplied as part of listed equipment and used in accord- ance with instructions provided with the listed connected equipment
Informational Note: Some listed equipment, such as micro- inverters, are evaluated to make use of mating connectors as disconnect devices even though the mating connectors are marked as "Do Not Disconnect Under Load" or "Not for Current Interrupting."
690.34 Access to Boxes. Junction, pull, and outlet boxes loca- ted behind modules or panels shall be so installed that the wiring contained in them can be rendered accessible directly or by displacement of a module(s) or panel(s) secured by removable fasteners and connected by a flexible wiring system.
Part V. Grounding and Bonding
690.41 PV System DC Circuit Grounding and Protection.
(A) PV System DC Circuit Grounding Configurations. Onc or more of the following system configurations shall be employed for PV system de circuits:
(1) 2-wire circuits with one functionally grounded conductor
(2) Bipolar circuits according to 690.7(C) with a functional ground reference (center tap)
(3) Circuits not isolated from the grounded inverter output circuit
(4). Ungrounded circuits
(5) Solidly grounded circuits as permitted in 690.41 (B)
(6) Circuits protected by equipment listed and identified for the use
(B) DC Ground-Fault Detector-Interrupter (GFDI) Protection. PV system de circuits that exceed 30 volts or 8 amperes shall be provided with GFDI protection meeting the requirements of 690.41 (B) (1) and (B)(2) to reduce fire hazards.
Solidly grounded PV source circuits with not more than two modules in parallel and not on or in buildings shall be permit- ted without GFDI protection.
Informational Note: Not all inverters, charge controllers, or dc- to-dc converters include de GFDI protection. Equipment that does not have GFDI protection often includes the following statement in the manual: "Warning: This unit is not provided with a GFDI device."
(1) Ground-Fault Detection. The GFDI device or system shall detect ground fault(s) in the PV system de circuits, including any functionally grounded conductors, and be listed for provid- ing GFDI protection. For dc-to-dc converters not listed as providing GFDI protection, where required, listed GFDI protection equipment identified for the combination of the dc- to-dc converter and the GFDI (levice shall be installed to protect the circuit.
Informational Note: Some dc-to-dc converters without integral GFDI protection on their input (source) side can prevent other GFDI protection equipment from properly functioning on portions of PV system de circuits.
(2) Faulted Circuits. The faulted circuits shall be controlled by one of the following methods:
(1) The current-carrying conductors of the faulted circuit shall be automatically disconnected.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-611
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
690.41
ARTICLE 690 -SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) SYSTEMS
(2) The device providing GFDI protection fed by the faulted circuit shall automatically cease to supply power to output circuits and interrupt the faulted PV system de circuits from the ground reference in a functionally grounded system.
(3) Indication of Faults. The GFDI protection equipment shall provide indication of ground faults at a readily accessible loca- tion.
Informational Note: Examples of indication include, but are not limited to, the following: remote indicator light, display, moni- tor, signal to a monitored alarm system, or receipt of notification by web-based services.
690.42 Point of PV System DC Circuit Grounding Connection.
(A) Circuits with GFDI Protection. Circuits protected by GFDI equipment in accordance with 690.41 (B) shall have any circuit- to-ground connection made by the GFDI equipment.
(B) Solidly Grounded Circuits. For solidly grounded PV system de circuits, the grounding connection shall be made from any single point on the PV dc system to a point in the grounding electrode system in 690.47(A).
690.43 Equipment Grounding and Bonding. Exposed non- current-carrying metal parts of PV module frames, electrical equipment, and conductor enclosures of PV systems shall be connected to an equipment grounding conductor in accord- ance with 250.134 or 250.136, regardless of voltage. Equipment grounding conductors and devices shall comply with 690.43(A) through (D).
(A) Photovoltaic Module Mounting Systems and Devices. Devi- ces and systems used for mounting PV modules that are also used for bonding module frames shall be listed, labeled, and identified for bonding PV modules.
Informational Note: See UL 2703, Standard for Mounting Systems, Mounting Devices, Clamping/Retention Devices, and Ground Lugs for Use with Flat-Plate Photovoltaic Modules and Panels for PV Module Clamps, and UL 3703, Standard for Solar Trackers.
(B) Equipment Secured to Grounded Metal Supports. Devices listed, labeled, and identified for bonding and grounding the metal parts of PV systems shall be permitted to bond the equip- ment to grounded metal supports. Metallic support structures shall have identified bonding jumpers connected between sepa- rate metallic sections or shall be identified for equipment bonding and shall be connected to the equipment grounding conductor.
(C) Location. Equipment grounding conductors shall be permitted to be run separately from the PV system conductors within the PV array. Where PV system circuit conductors leave the vicinity of the PV array, equipment grounding conductors shall comply with 250.134.
(D) Bonding for Over 250 Volts. The bonding requirements contained in 250.97 shall apply only to solidly grounded PV system circuits operating over 250 volts to ground.
690.45 Size of Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment grounding conductors for PV system circuits shall be sized in accordance with 250.122. Where no overcurrent protective device is used in the circuit, an assumed overcurrent device rated in accordance with 690.9(B) shall be used when applying Table 250.122.
Increases in equipment grounding conductor size to address voltage drop considerations shall not be required.
690.47 Grounding Electrode System.
(A) Buildings or Structures Supporting a PV System. A build- ing or structure(s) supporting a PV system shall utilize a grounding electrode system installed in accordance with 690.47(B).
PV array equipment grounding conductors shall be connec- ted to a grounding electrode system in accordance with Part VII of Article 250. This connection shall be in addition to any other equipment grounding conductor requirements in 690.43(C). The PV array equipment grounding conductors shall be sized in accordance with 690.45. For specific PV system grounding configurations permitted in 690.41(A), one of the following conditions shall apply:
(1) For PV systems that are not solidly grounded, the equip- ment grounding conductor . for the output of the PV system, where connected to associated distribution equipment connected to a grounding electrode system, shall be permitted to be the only connection to ground for the system.
(2) For solidly grounded PV systems, as permitted in 690.41(A) (5), the grounded conductor shall be connec- ted to a grounding electrode system by means of a grounding electrode conductor sized in accordance with 250.166.
Informational Note: Most PV systems are functionally grounded systems rather than solidly grounded systems as defined in this Code. For functionally grounded PV systems with an interactive inverter output, the ac equipment grounding conductor is connected to associated grounded ac distribution equipment. This connection is most often the connection to ground for ground-fault protection and equipment grounding of the PV array.
(B) Grounding Electrodes and Grounding Electrode Conduc- tors. Additional grounding electrodes shall be permitted to be installed in accordance with 250.52 and 250.54. Grounding electrodes shall be permitted to be connected directly to the PV module frame(s) or support structure. A grounding elec- trode conductor shall be sized according to 250.66. A support structure for a ground-mounted PV array shall be permitted to be considered a grounding electrode if it meets the require- ments of 250.52. PV arrays mounted to buildings shall be permitted to use the metal structural frame of the building if the requirements of 250.68(C) (2) are met.
Part VI. Source Connections
690.56 Identification of Power Sources. Plaques or directories shall be installed in accordance with 705.10.
690.59 Connection to Other Sources. PV systems connected to other sources shall be installed in accordance with Parts I and II of Article 705.
690.72 Self-Regulated PV Charge Control. The PV source circuit shall be considered to comply with the requirements for charge control of a battery without the use of separate charge control equipment if the circuit mects both of the following:
(1) The PV source circuit is matched to the voltage rating and charge current requirements of the interconnected battery cells.
70-612
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
691.7
ARTICLE 691 - LARGE-SCALE PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) ELECTRIC SUPPLY STATIONS
(2) The maximum charging current multiplied by 1 hour is less than 3 percent of the rated battery capacity expressed in ampere-hours or as recommended by the battery manufacturer.
ARTICLE 691 Large-Scale Photovoltaic (PV) Electric Supply Stations
691.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of large-scale PV electric supply stations not under exclusive utility control.
Informational Note No. 1: Facilities covered by this article have specific design and safety features unique to large-scale PV facili- ties outlined in 691.4 and are operated for the sole purpose of providing electric supply to a system operated by a regulated utility for the transfer of electric energy.
Informational Note No. 2: See 90.2(B)(5) for additional infor- mation about utility-owned properties not covered under this Code. See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, for additional information on electric supply stations.
Informational Note No. 3: See Informational Note Figure 691.1.
691.4 Special Requirements for Large Scale PV Electric Supply Stations. Large-scale PV electric supply stations shall be accessi- ble only to authorized personnel and comply with the follow- ing:
(1) Electrical circuits and equipment shall be maintained and operated only by qualified persons.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 70E-2021, Standard for Elec- trical Safety in the Workplace, for electrical safety requirements.
(2) Access to PV electric supply stations shall be restricted in accordance with 110.31. Field-applied hazard markings shall be applied in accordance with 110.21 (B).
(3) The connection between the PV electric supply station and the system operated by a utility for the transfer of electrical energy shall be through medium- or high-
voltage switch gear, substation, switch yard, or similar methods whose sole purpose shall be to interconnect the two systems.
(4) The electrical loads within the PV electric supply station shall only be used to power auxiliary equipment for the generation of the PV power.
(5) Large-scale PV electric supply stations shall not be installed on buildings.
(6) The station shall be monitored from a central command center.
(7) The station shall have an inverter generating capacity of at least 5000 kW.
Informational Note No. 2: Some individual sites with capacities less than 5000 kW are operated as part of a group of facilities with a total generating capacity exceeding 5000 kW.
691.5 Equipment. All electrical equipment shall be approved for installation by one of the following:
(1) Listing and labeling
(2) Be evaluated for the application and have a field label applicd
(3) Where products complying with 691.5(1) or (2) are not available, by engineering review validating that the electri- cal equipment is evaluated and tested to relevant stand- ards or industry practice
691.6 Engineered Design. Documentation of the electrical portion of the engineered design of the electric supply station shall be stamped and provided upon request of the AHJ. Addi- tional stamped independent engineering reports detailing compliance of the design with applicable electrical standards and industry practice shall be provided upon request of the AHJ. The independent engineer shall be a licensed professio- nal electrical engineer retained by the system owner or instal- ler. This documentation shall include details of conformance of the design with Article 690, and any alternative methods to Article 690, or other articles of this Code.
691.7 Conformance of Construction to Engineered Design. Documentation that the construction of the electric supply station conforms to the electrical engineered design shall be provided upon request of the AHJ. Additional stamped inde- pendent engineering reports detailing the construction conforms with this Code, applicable standards and industry
Inverter output circuit
Medium or high-voltage switchgear or substation
-
PV power source
Transformers
Large-Scale PV Electric Supply Station
Notes:
(1) The diagram is for informational purposes only and is not representative of all potential configurations. (2) Custom designs occur in each configuration, and some components are optional.
Informational Note Figure 691.1 Identification of Large Scale PV Electric Supply Station Components.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-613
Interactive inverters
Medium or > high-voltage net ork
691.8
ARTICLE 692 -FUEL CELL SYSTEMS
practice shall be provided upon request of the AHJ. The inde- pendent engineer shall be a licensed professional electrical engineer retained by the system owner or installer. This docu- mentation, where requested, shall be available prior to commercial operation of the station.
691.8 Direct Current Operating Voltage. For large-scale PV electric supply stations, calculations shall be included in the documentation required in 691.6.
691.9 Disconnecting Means for Isolating Photovoltaic Equip- ment. Disconnecting means for cquipment shall not be required within sight of equipment and shall be permitted to be located remotely from equipment. The engineered design required by 691.6 shall document disconnection procedures and means of isolating equipment.
Informational Note: See NFPA 70B-2019, Recommended Practice for Electrical Equipment Maintenance, for information on electrical system maintenance. See NFPA 70F-2021, Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, for information on written procedures and conditions of maintenance, including lockout/tagout procedures.
Buildings whose sole purpose is to house and protect supply station equipment shall not be required to comply with 690.12. Written standard operating procedures shall be available at the site detailing necessary shutdown procedures in the event of an emergency.
691.10 Fire Mitigation. PV systems that do not comply with the requirements of 690.11 shall include details of fire mitigation plans to address de arc-faults in the documentation required in 691.6.
Informational Note: Fire mitigation plans are typically reviewed by the local fire agency and include topics such as access roads within the facility.
691.11 Fence Bonding and Grounding. Fence grounding requirements and details shall be included in the documenta- tion required in 691.6.
Informational Note: See 250.194 for fence bonding and ground- ing requirements enclosing substation portions of an electric supply station. Grounding requirements for other portions of electric supply station fencing are assessed based on the pres- ence of overhead conductors, proximity to generation and distribution equipment, and associated step and touch poten- tial.
ARTICLE 692 Fuel Cell Systems
Part I. General
692.1 Scope. This article applies to the installation of fuel cell systems.
Informational Note: Some fuel cell systems can be interactive with other electrical power production sources, are stand-alone, or both. Some fuel cell systems are connected to electric energy storage systems such as batteries. Fuel cell systems can have ac output(s), dc output(s), or both for utilization.
692.4 Installation.
(A) Fuel Cell System. A fuel cell system shall be permitted to supply a building or other structure in addition to any serv- icc(s) of another electricity supply system(s).
(B) Identification of Power Sources. Fuel cell systems shall bc marked with a plaque or directory installed in accordance with 705.10.
(C) System Installation. The construction and operation of equipment, associated wiring, and interconnections shall be performed only by qualified persons.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of quali- fied person.
692.6 Listing Requirement. The fuel cell system shall be approved for the application in accordance with one of the following:
(1) Be listed for the application
(2) Be evaluated for the application and have a field label applicd
PartII. Circuit Requirements
692.8 Circuit Sizing and Current.
(A) Nameplate Rated Circuit Current. The nameplate (s) rated circuit current shall be the rated current indicated on the fuel cell nameplate (s).
(B) Conductor Ampacity and Overcurrent Device Ratings. The ampacity of the feeder circuit conductors from the fuel cell system(s) to the premises wiring system shall not be less than the greater of (1) nameplate (s) rated circuit current or (2) the rating of the fuel cell system(s) overcurrent protective device (s).
(C) Ampacity of Grounded or Neutral Conductor. If an inter- active single-phase, 2-wire fuel cell output(s) is connected to the grounded or neutral conductor and a single ungrounded conductor of a 3-wire system or of a 3-phase, 4-wirc, wyc- connected system, the maximum unbalanced neutral load current plus the fuel cell system(s) output rating shall not exceed the ampacity of the grounded or neutral conductor.
692.9 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Circuits and Equipment. If the fuel cell system is provided with overcurrent protection sufficient to protect the circuit conductors that supply the load, additional circuit overcurrent devices shall not be required. Equipment and conductors connected to more than one electrical source shall be protec- ted.
(B) Accessibility. Overcurrent devices shall be readily accessi- blc.
Part III. Disconnecting Means
692.13 All Conductors. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect all current-carrying conductors of a fuel cell system power source from all other conductors in a building or other struc- turc.
70-614
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
694.7
ARTICLE 694 - WIND ELECTRIC SYSTEMS
692.17 Switch or Circuit Breaker. The disconnecting means for ungrounded conductors shall consist of readily accessible, manually operable switch(cs) or circuit breaker(s).
Where all terminals of the disconnecting means may be energized in the open position, a warning sign shall be moun- ted on or adjacent to the disconnecting means. The sign shall be clearly legible and shall have the following words or cquiva- lent:
DANGER ELECTRIC SHOCK HAZARD. DO NOT TOUCH TERMI- NALS. TERMINALS ON BOTH THE LINE AND LOAD SIDES MAY BE ENERGIZED IN THE OPEN POSITION.
The danger sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
Part IV. Wiring Methods
692.31 Wiring Systems. In addition to wiring methods inclu- ded in Chapter 3 of this Code, wiring methods and fittings specifically listed and identified for use with fuel cell systems shall be permitted.
Part V. Marking
692.50 Fuel Cell Power Sources. A marking specifying the fuel cell system, output voltage, output power rating, and continu- ous output current rating shall be provided at the disconnect- ing means for the fuel cell power source at an accessible location on the site.
692.51 Fuel Shut-Off. The location of the manual fuel shut-off valve shall be marked at the location of the primary disconnect- ing means of the building or circuits supplied.
692.52 Stored Energy. A fuel cell system that stores electrical energy shall require the following warning sign, or equivalent, at the location of the service disconnecting means of the prem- iscs:
WARNING FUEL CELL POWERSYSTEM CONTAINS ELECTRICAL ENERGY STORAGE DEVICES.
The warning sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
Part VI. Connection to Other Circuits
692.60 Connection to Other Systems. Fuel cell systems connected to other sources shall be installed in accordance with Parts I and II of Article 705.
692.61 Transfer Switch. A transfer switch shall be required in non-grid-interactive systems that use utility grid backup. The transfer switch shall maintain isolation between the electrical production and distribution network and the fuel cell system. The transfer switch shall be permitted to be located externally or internally to the fuel cell system unit. Where the utility serv- ice conductors of the structure are connected to the transfer switch, the switch shall comply with Article 230, Part V.
ARTICLE 694 Wind Electric Systems
Part I. General
694.1 Scope. This article applies to wind (turbinc) electric systems that consist of one or more wind electric generators and their related alternators, generators, inverters, controllers, and associatedequipment.
Informational Note: Some wind electric systems are interactive with other electric power sources (see Informational Note Figure 694.1). Some systems have ac output and some have dc output. Some systems contain electrical energy storage, such as batteries.
694.7 Construction and Maintenance. The construction and maintenance, associated wiring, and interconnections shall be performed only by qualified persons.
Informational Note: See' Article 100 for the definition of quali- fied person.
(A) Wid Electric Systems. A wind electric system(s) shall be permitted to supply a building or other structure in addition to other sources of supply. These requirements apply to both onshore and offshore installations.
(B) Equipment. Wind electric systems shall comply with one of the following:
(1) Be listed
(2) Be evaluated for the application and have a field label applicd
Wind electric systems undergoing evaluation for type certifi- cation and listing shall be permitted to be operated in a controlled location with access limited to qualified personnel.
Informational Note: See UL 6141, Standard for Wind Turbines Permitting Entry of Personnel, and UL 6142, Standard for Small Wind Turbine Systems, for further information on wind turbine equip- ment. Ratings for wind turbines could include limitations on installation locations such as onshore or offshore. Testing is typi- cally performed under supervision of a qualified electrical test- ing organization.
(C) Diversion Load Controllers. A wind electric system employing a diversion load controller as the primary means of regulating the speed of a wind turbine rotor shall be equipped with an additional, independent, reliable means to prevent over-speed operation. An interconnected utility service shall not be considered to be a reliable diversion load.
(D) Overvoltage Protection. A listed surge protective device shall be installed between a wind electric system and any loads served by the premises electrical system. The SPD shall be permitted to be a Type 3 SPD on the circuit serving a wind elec- tric system or a Type 2 SPD located anywhere on the load side of the service disconnect. SPDs shall be installed in accordance with Part II of Article 242.
Alternator
Rectifier
Inverter
Electric power production and distribution network
Informational Note Figure 694.1 Identification of Wind Electric System Components - Interactive System.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-615
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
694.7
ARTICLE 694 - WIND ELECTRIC SYSTEMS
(E) Receptacles. A receptacle shall be permitted to be supplied by a wind electric system branch or feeder circuit for maintenance or data acquisition usc. Receptacles shall be protected with an overcurrent device with a rating not to exceed the current rating of the receptacle. In addition to the requirements in 210.8, all 125-volt, single-phase, 15- and 20- ampere receptacles installed for maintenance of the wind turbine shall have ground-fault circuit-interrupter protection for personnel.
(F) Poles or Towers Supporting Wind Turbines Used as a Raceway. A pole or tower shall be permitted to be used as a raceway if approved in accordance with one of the following:
(1) Be evaluated as part of the listing for the wind turbine
(2) Be listed for the application
(3) Be evaluated for the application and have a field label applicd
(G) Working Clearances. Working space shall be provided for electrical cabinets and other electrical equipment in accord- ance with 110.26(A).
For large wind turbines where service personnel enter the equipment, where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons perform the work, working clearances shall be permitted to comply with Table 694.7(G) for systems up to 1000 volts nominal.
Part II. Circuit Requirements
694.10 Maximum Voltage.
(A) Wind Turbine Output Circuits. Wind turbine output circuits on or in one- and two-family dwellings shall be permit- ted to have a maximum voltage up to 600 volts.
(B) Direct-Current Utilization Circuits. The voltage of dc utilization circuits shall comply with 210.6.
(C) Circuits over 150 Volts to Ground. In onc- and.two-family dwellings, live parts in circuits over 150 volts to ground shall not be accessible to other than qualified persons while ener- gized.
Informational Note: See 110.27 for guarding of live parts and 210.6 for branch circuit voltage limitations.
694.12 Circuit Sizing and Current.
(A) Calculation of Maximum Circuit Current. The maximum current for a circuit shall be calculated in accordance with 694.12(A) (1) through (A) (3).
(1) Turbine Output Circuit Currents. The maximum current shall be based on the circuit current of the wind turbine oper- ating at maximum output power.
(2) Inverter Output Circuit Current. The maximum output current shall be the inverter continuous output current rating.
Table 694.7(G) Working Spaces
Nominal Voltage to Ground
Condition 1
Condition 2
Condition 3
0-150
900 mm (3 ft)
900 mm (3 ft)
900 mm (3 ft)
151-1000
900 mm (3 ft)
1.0 m (3 ft 6 in.)
1.2 m (4 ft)
70-616
(3) Stand-Alone Inverter Input Circuit Current. The maxi- mum input current shall be the stand-alone continuous inver- ter input current rating of the inverter producing rated power at the lowest input voltage.
(B) Ampacity and Overcurrent Device Ratings.
(1) Continuous Current. Wind turbine electric system currents shall be considered to be continuous.
(2) Sizing of Conductors and Overcurrent Devices. Circuit conductors and overcurrent devices shall be sized to carry not less than 125 percent of the maximum current as calculated in 694.12(A). The rating or setting of overcurrent devices shall be permitted in accordance with 240.4(B) and (C).
Exception: Circuits containing an assembly, together with its overcur- rent devices, listed for continuous operation at 100 percent of its rating shall be permitted to be used at 100 percent of its rating.
694.15 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Circuits and Equipment. Turbine output circuits, inverter output circuits, and storage battery circuit conductors and equipment shall be protected in accordance with 240.4 and 240.5. Circuits connected to more than one electrical source shall have overcurrent devices located so as to provide overcur- rent protection from all sources.
Exception: An overcurrent device shall not be required for circuit conductors sized in accordance with 694.12(B) where the maximum current from all sources does not exceed the ampacity of the conductors.
Informational Note: Possible backfeed of current from any source of supply, including a supply through an inverter to the wind turbine output circuit, is a consideration in determining whether overcurrent protection from all sources is provided. Some wind electric systems rely on the turbine output circuit to regulate turbine speed. Inverters may also operate in reverse for turbine startup or speed control.
(B) Power Transformers. Overcurrent protection for a trans- former with sources on cach side shall be provided in accord- ance with 450.3 by considering first one side of the transformer, then the other side of the transformer, as the primary.
Exception: A power transformer with a current rating on the side connected to the inverter output, which is not less than the rated contin- uous output current rating of the inverter, shall not be required to have overcurrent protection at the inverter.
(C) Direct-Current Rating. Overcurrent devices, either fuses or circuit breakers, used in any de portion of a wind electric system shall be listed for use in de circuits and shall have appro- priate voltage, current, and interrupting ratings.
Part III. Disconnecting Means
694.20 All Conductors. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect all current-carrying conductors of a wind electric power source from all other conductors in a building or other structure. A switch, circuit breaker, or other device, cither ac or dc, shall not be installed in a grounded conductor if operation of that switch, circuit breaker, or other device leaves the marked, grounded conductor in an ungrounded and energized state.
Exception: A wind turbine that uses the turbine output circuit for regu- lating turbine speed shall not require a turbine output circuit discon- necting means.
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 694 - WIND ELECTRIC SYSTEMS
694.30
694.22 Additional Provisions. Disconnecting means shall comply with 694.22(A) through (D).
(A) Disconnecting Means. The disconnecting means shall not be required to be suitable for use as service equipment. The disconnecting means for ungrounded conductors shall consist of manually operable switches or circuit breakers complying with all of the following requirements:
(1) They shall be located where readily accessible.
(2) They shall be externally operable without exposing the operator to contact with live parts.
(3) They shall plainly indicate whether in the open or closed position.
(4) They shall have an interrupting rating sufficient for the nominal circuit voltage and the current that is available at the line terminals of the equipment.
Where all terminals of the disconnecting means are capable of being energized in the open position, a warning sign shall be mounted on or adjacent to the disconnecting means. The sign shall be clearly legible and shall have the following words or equivalent:
WARNING. ELECTRIC SHOCK HAZARD. DO NOT TOUCH TERMI- NALS. TERMINALS ON BOTH THE LINE AND LOAD SIDES MAY BE ENERGIZED IN THE OPEN POSITION.
The warning sign (s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(B) Equipment. Equipment such as rectifiers, controllers, output circuit isolating and shorting switches, and over-current devices shall be permitted on the wind turbine side of the disconnecting means.
(C) Requirements for Disconnecting Means.
(1) Location. The wind electric system disconnecting means shall be installed at a readily accessible location cither on or adjacent to the turbine tower, on the outside of a building or structure, or inside at the point of entrance of the wind system conductors.
Exception: Installations that comply with 694.30(C) shall be permitted to have the disconnecting means located remotely from the point of entry of the wind system conductors.
A wind turbine disconnecting means shall not be required to be located at the nacelle or tower.
The disconnecting means shall not be installed in bath- rooms.
For one-family and two-family dwellings, a disconnecting means or manual shutdown button or switch shall be located at a readily accessible location outside the building.
(2) Marking. Each turbine system disconnecting means shall be permanently marked to identify it as a wind electric system disconnect.
(3) Suitable for Use. Turbine system disconnecting means shall be suitable for the prevailing conditions.
(4) Maximum Number of Disconnects. The turbine discon- necting means shall consist of not more than six switches or six circuit breakers mounted in a single enclosure, in a group of separate enclosures, or in or on a switchgear.
(D) Equipment That Is Not Readily Accessible. Rectifiers, controllers, and inverters shall be permitted to be mounted in nacelles or other exterior arcas that are not readily accessible.
694.23 Turbine Shutdown.
(A) Manual Shutdown. Wind turbines shall be required to have a readily accessible manual shutdown button or switch. Operation of the button or switch shall result in a parked turbine state that shall cither stop the turbine rotor or allow limited rotor speed combined with a means to de-energize the turbine output circuit.
Exception: Turbines with a swept area of less than 50 m2 (538 ft2) shall not be required to have a manual shutdown button or switch.
(B) Shutdown Procedure. The shutdown procedure for a wind turbine shall be defined and permanently posted at the loca- tion of a shutdown means and at the location of the turbine controller or disconnect, if the location is different.
694.24 Disconnection of Wind Electric System Equipment. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect equipment, such as inverters, batteries, and charge controllers, from all ungroun- ded conductors of all sources. If the equipment is energized from more than one source, the disconnecting means shall be grouped and identified.
A single disconnecting means in accordance with 694.22 shall be permitted for the combined ac output of one or more inverters.
A shorting switch or plug shall be permitted to be used as an alternative to a disconnect in systems that regulate turbine speed using the turbine output circuit.
Exception: Equipment housed in a turbine narelle shall not be required to have a disconnecting means.
694.26 Fuses. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect a fuse from all sources of supply where the fuse is energized from both directions and is accessible to other than qualified persons. Switches, pullouts, or similar devices that are rated for the application shall be permitted to serve as a means to disconnect fuses from all sources of supply.
694.28 Installation and Service of a Wind Turbine. Open circuiting, short circuiting, or mechanical brakes shall be used to disable a turbine for installation and service.
Informational Note: Some wind turbines rely on the connection from the alternator to a remote controller for speed regulation. Opening turbine output circuit conductors may cause mechani- cal damage to a turbine and create excessive voltages that could damage equipment or expose persons to electric shock.
Part IV. Wiring Methods
694.30 Permitted Methods.
(A) Wiring Systems. In addition to wiring methods included in Chapter 3 of this Code, wiring methods and fittings specifically intended listed and identified for use on wind turbines shall be permitted. In readily accessible locations, turbine output circuits that operate at voltages greater than 30 volts shall be installed in raceways.
(B) Flexible Cords and Cables. Flexible cords and cables, where used to connect the moving parts of turbines or where used for ready removal for maintenance and repair, shall
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-617
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
694.30
ARTICLE 695 - FIRE PUMPS
comply with Article 400 and shall be of a type identified as hard service cord or portable power cable, shall be suitable for extra- hard usage, shall be listed for outdoor use, and shall be water resistant. Cables exposed to sunlight shall be sunlight resistant. Flexible, fine-stranded cables shall be terminated only with terminals, lugs, devices, or connectors in accordance with 110.14(A).
(C) Direct-Current Turbine Output Circuits Inside a Building. Direct-current turbine output circuits installed inside a build- ing or structure shall be enclosed in metal raceways or installed in metal enclosures, or run in Type MC metal-clad cable that complies with 250.118(A) (10), from the point of penetration of the surface of the building or structure to the first readily accessible disconnecting means.
Part V. Grounding and Bonding
694.40 Equipment Grounding and Bonding.
(A) General. Exposed non-current-carrying metal parts of towers, turbine nacelles, other equipment, and conductor enclosures shall be grounded and bonded to the premises grounding and bonding system. Attached metal parts, such as turbine blades and tails that are not likely to become ener- gized, shall not be required to be grounded or bonded.
(B) Tower Grounding and Bonding.
(1) Grounding Electrodes and Grounding Electrode Conduc- tors. A wind turbine tower shall be connected to a grounding electrode system. Where installed in close proximity to galvan- ized foundation or tower anchor components, galvanized grounding electrodes shall be used.
Informational Note: Copper and copper-clad grounding electro- des, where used in highly conductive soils, can cause electrolytic corrosion of galvanized foundation and tower anchor compo- nents.
(2) Bonding Conductor. Equipment grounding conductors or supply-side bonding jumpers, as applicable, shall be required between turbines, towers, and the premises grounding system.
(3) Tower Connections. Equipment grounding, bonding, and grounding electrode conductors, where used, shall be connec- ted to metallic towers using listed means. All mechanical clements used to terminate these conductors shall be accessi- blc.
(4) Guy Wires. Guy wires used to support turbine towers shall not be required to be connected to an equipment grounding conductor or to comply with the requirements of 250.110.
Informational Note: Guy wires supporting grounded towers are unlikely to become energized under nonnal conditions, but partial lightning currents could flow through guy wires when exposed to a lightning environment. Grounding of metallic guy wires may be required by lightning standards. See NFPA 780-2017, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, for information on lightning protection systems.
Part VI. Marking
694.52 Power Systems Employing Energy Storage. Wind clcc- tric systems employing energy storage shall be marked with the maximum operating voltage, any equalization voltage, and the polarity of the grounded circuit conductor.
694.54 Identification of Power Sources. Wind turbine systems shall be marked with a plaque or directory installed in accord- ance with 705.10.
694.56 Instructions for Disabling Turbine. A plaque shall be installed at or adjacent to the turbine location providing basic instructions for disabling the turbinc.
Part VII. Connection to Other Sources
694.60 Identified Interactive Equipment. Only inverters that arc listed, labeled, and identified as interactive shall be permit- ted in interactive systems.
694.62 Installation. Wind electric systems connected to other sources shall be installed in accordance with Parts I and II of Article 705.
694.66 Operating Voltage Range. Wind electric systems connected to dedicated branch or feeder circuits shall be permitted to exceed normal voltage operating ranges on these circuits, provided that the voltage at any distribution cquip- ment supplying other loads remains within normal ranges.
Infonnational Note: Wind turbines might use the electric grid to dump energy from short-term wind gusts. See ANSI C84.1-2006, Voltage Ratings for Electric Power Systems and Equipment (60 Hz), for information on normal operating voltages.
ARTICLE 695 Fire Pumps
695.1 Scope.
(A) Covered. This article covers the installation of the follow- ing:
(1) Electric power sources and interconnecting circuits
(2) Switching and control equipment dedicated to fire pump drivers
Informational Note: Text that is followed by a reference in brackets has been extracted from NFPA 20-2019, Standard for the Installation of Stationary Pumps for Fire Protection. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
(B) Not Covered. This article does not cover the following:
(1) The performance, maintenance, and acceptance testing of the fire pump system and the internal wiring of the components of the system
(2) The installation of pressure maintenance (jockey or makcup) pumps
Informational Note No. 1: See Article 430 for the installation of pressure maintenance (jockey or makeup) pumps supplied by the fire pump circuit or another source.
70-618
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
695.3
ARTICLE 695 -FIRE PUMPS
(3) Transfer equipment upstream of the fire pump transfer switch (cs)
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 20-2019, Standard for the Installation of Stationary Pumps for Fire Protection, for further infor- mation.
(4) Water pumps installed in one- and two-family dwellings and used for fire suppression
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 13D-2019, Standard for the Installation of Sprinkler Systems in One- and Two-Family Dwellings and Manufactured Homes, for further information.
695.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned fire pump controllers and transfer switches shall not be permitted.
695.3 Power Source(s) for Electric Motor-Driven Fire Pumps. Electric motor-driven fire pumps shall have a reliable source of power.
Informational Note: See NFPA 20-2019, Standard for the Installa- tion of Stationary Pumps for Fire Protection, 9.3.2 and A.9.3.2, for guidance on the determination of power source reliability.
(A) Individual Sources. Where reliable, and where capable of carrying indefinitely the sum of the locked-rotor current of the fire pump motor(s) and the pressure maintenance pump motor(s) and the full-load current of the associated fire pump accessory equipment when connected to this power supply, the power source for an electric motor driven fire pump shall be one or more of the following.
(1) Electric Utility Service Connection. A fire pump shall be permitted to be supplied by a separate service, or from a connection located ahead of and not within the same cabinet, enclosure, vertical switchgear section, or vertical switchboard section as the service disconnecting means. The connection shall be located and arranged so as to minimize the possibility of damage by fire from within the premises and from exposing hazards. A tap ahead of the service disconnecting means shall comply with 230.82(5). The service equipment shall comply with the labeling requirements in 230.2 and the location requirements in 230.72(B). [20:9.2.2(1)]
(2) On-Site Power Production Facility. A fire pump shall be permitted to be supplied by an on-site power production facility. The source facility shall be located and protected to minimize the possibility of damage by firc. [20:9.2.2(3)]
(3) Dedicated Feeder. A dedicated feeder shall be permitted where it is derived from a service connection as described in 695.3(A) (1). [20:9.2.2(3)]
Informational Note: See NFPA 20-2019, Standard for the Installa- tion of Stationary Pumps for Fire Protection, 9.2.2, for more informa- tion on nonnal power sources. Subsection 9.2.2(3) permits a "dedicated feeder" to be derived from a "dedicated service" disconnecting means. Subsection 9.2.2(5) pennits a "dedicated transformer connection" that is supplied directly from a "dedica- ted service disconnecting means" where the service is not at utilization voltage.
(B) Multiple Sources. If reliable power cannot be obtained from a source described in 695.3(A), power shall be supplied by one of the following: [20:9.3.2]
(1) Individual Sources. An approved combination of two or more of the sources from 695.3(A).
(2) Individual Source and On-site Standby Generator. An approved combination of one or more of the sources in
695.3(A) and an on-site standby generator complying with 695.3(D). [20:9.3.4]
Exception to 695.3(B)(1) and (B)(2): An alternate source of power shall not be required where a back-up engine-driven fire pump, back-up steam turbine-driven fire pump, or back-up electric motor-driven fire pump with an independent power source in accordance with 695.3(A) or (C) is installed.
(C) Multibuilding Campus-Style Complexes. If the sources in 695.3(A) are not practicable and the installation is part of a multibuilding campus-style complex, feeder sources shall be permitted if approved by the authority having jurisdiction and installed in accordance with either 695.3(C) (1) and (C) (3) or (C)(2) and (C)(3).
(1) Feeder Sources. Two or more feeders shall be permitted as more than one power source if such feeders are connected to, or derived from, separate utility services. The connection(s), overcurrent protective device(s), and disconnecting means for such feeders shall meet the requirements of 695.4(B) (1) (b).
(2) Feeder and Alternate Source. A fecder shall be permitted as a normal power source if an alternate power source inde- pendent from the feeder is provided. The connection(s), over- current protective device (s), and disconnecting means for such feeders shall meet the requirements of 695.4(B) (1) (b).
(3) Selective Coordination. Overcurrent protective device(s) shall be selectively coordinated with all supply-side overcurrent protective device(s).
Selective coordination shall be selected by a licensed profes- sional engineer or other qualified persons engaged primarily in the design, installation, or maintenance of electrical systems. The selection shall be documented and made available to those authorized to design, install, maintain, and operate the system.
Exception: Selective coordination shall not be required between two over- current devices located in series if no loads are connected in parallel with the downstream device.
(D) On-Site Standby Generator as Alternate Source. An on-site standby generator(s) used as an alternate source of power shall comply with 695.3(D) (1) through (D) (3). [20:9.6.2.1]
(1) Capacity. The generator shall have sufficient capacity to allow normal starting and running of the motor(s) driving the fire pump(s) while supplying all other simultaneously operated load(s). [20:9.6.1.1]
Automatic shedding of one or more optional standby loads in order to comply with this capacity requirement shall be permitted.
(2) Connection. A tap ahcad of the generator disconnecting means shall not be required. [20:9.6.1.2]
(3) Adjacent Disconnects. The requirements of 430.113 shall not apply.
2023Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-619
695.3
ARTICLE 695 - FIRE PUMPS
(E) Arrangement. All power supplies shall be located and arranged to protect against damage by fire from within the premises and exposing hazards. [20:9.1.4]
Multiple power sources shall be arranged so that a fire at one source does not cause an interruption at the other source.
(F) Transfer of Power. Transfer of power to the fire pump controller between the individual source and one alternate source shall take place within the pump room. [20:9.6.4]
(G) Power Source Selection. Selection of power source shall be performed by a transfer switch listed for fire pump service. [20:10.8.1.3.1]
(H) Overcurrent Device Selection. An instantancous trip circuit breaker shall be permitted in licu of the overcurrent devices specified in 695.4(B) (2) (a) (1), provided that it is part of a transfer switch assembly listed for fire pump service that complies with 695.4(B) (2) (a) (2).
(I) Phase Converters. Phase converters shall not be used to supply power to a fire pump. [20:9.1.7]
695.4 Continuity of Power. Circuits that supply electric motor-driven fire pumps shall be supervised from inadvertent disconnection as covered in 695.4(A) or (B).
(A) Direct Connection. The supply conductors shall directly connect the power source to a listed fire pump controller, a listed combination fire pump controller and power transfer switch, or a listed fire pump power transfer switch.
(B) Connection Through Disconnecting Means and Overcur- rent Device.
(1) Number of Disconnecting Means.
(a) General. A single disconnecting means and associated overcurrent protective device(s) shall be permitted to be installed between the fire pump power source(s) and one of the following: [20:9.2.3]
(1) A listed fire pump controller
(2) A listed fire pump power transfer switch
(3) A listed combination fire pump controller and power transfer switch
(b) Feeder Sources. For systems installed under the provi- sions of 695.3(C) only, additional disconnecting means and the associated overcurrent protective device(s) shall be permitted.
(c) On-Site Standby Generator. Where an on-site standby generator is used to supply a fire pump, an additional discon- necting means and an associated overcurrent protective device (s) shall be permitted.
(2) Overcurrent Device Selection. Overcurrent devices shall comply with 695.4(B) (2) (a) or (B) (2)(b).
(a) Individual Sources. Overcurrent protection for individ- ual sources shall comply with the following:
(1) Overcurrent protective device(s) shall be rated to carry indefinitely the sum of the locked-rotor current of the largest fire pump motor and the full-load current of all of the other pump motors and accessory equipment. [20:9.2.3.4] Where the locked-rotor current value docs not correspond to a standard overcurrent device size, the next standard overcurrent device size shall be used in accordance with 240.6. The requirement to carry the locked-rotor currents indefinitely shall not apply to conductors or devices other than overcurrent devices in the fire pump motor circuit (s).
Exception: The requirement to carry the locked-rotor currents indefi- nitely shall not apply to feeder overcurrent protective devices installed in accordance with 695.3(C).
(2) Overcurrent protection shall be provided by an assembly listed for fire pump service and complying with the following:
a. The overcurrent protective device shall not open within 2 minutes at 600 percent of the full-load current of the fire pump motor(s).
b. The overcurrent protective device shall not open with a re-start transient of 24 times the full-load current of the fire pump motor(s).
c. The overcurrent protective device shall not open within 10 minutes at 300 percent of the full-load current of the fire pump motor(s).
d. The trip point for circuit breakers shall not be field adjustable. [20:9.2.3.4.1]
(b) On-Site Standby Generators. Overcurrent protective devices between an on-site standby generator and a fire pump controller shall be selected and sized to allow for instantancous pickup of the full pump room load, but shall not be larger than the value selected to comply with 430.62 to provide short- circuit protection only. [20:9.6.1.1]
(3) Disconnecting Means. All disconnecting devices that are unique to the fire pump loads shall comply with items 695.4(B) (3) (a) through (B) (3) (c).
(a) : Features and Location - Normal Power Source. The disconnecting means for the normal power source shall comply with all of the following: [20:9.2.3.1]
(1) Be identified as suitable for use as service equipment.
(2) Be lockable in the closed position. The provision for lock- ing or adding a lock to the disconnecting means shall be installed on or at the switch or circuit breaker used as the disconnecting means and shall remain in place with or without the lock installed.
(3) Not be located within the same enclosure, panelboard, switchboard, switchgear, or motor control center, with or without common bus, that supplies loads other than the fire pump.
(4) Be located sufficiently remote from other building or other fire pump source disconnecting means such that inadvertent operation at the same time would be unlikely.
Exception to 695.4(B)(3)(a): For a multibuilding campus-style complex(s) installed under the provisions of 695.3(C), only the require- ments in 695.4(B)(3)(a)(2) shall apply for normal power source disconnects.
(b) Features and Location - On-Site Standby Generator. The disconnecting means for an on-site standby generator(s) used as the alternate power source shall be installed in accordance with 700.10(B) (6) for emergency circuits and shall be lockable in the closed position. The provision for locking or adding a lock to the disconnecting means shall be installed on or at the switch or circuit breaker used as the disconnecting means and shall remain in place with or without the lock installed.
(c) Disconnect Marking. The disconnecting means shall be marked "Fire Pump Disconnecting Means." The letters shall be at least 25 mm (1 in.) in height, and they shall be visible with- out opening enclosure doors or covers. [20:9.2.3.1 (5)]
(d) Controller Marking. A placard shall be placed adjacent to the fire pump controller, stating the location of this discon-
70-620
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
695.6
ARTICLE 695 - FIRE PUMPS
necting means and the location of the key (if the disconnecting means is locked). [20:9.2.3.2]
(c) Supervision. The disconnecting means shall be super- vised in the closed position by one of the following methods:
(1) Central station, proprietary, or remote station signal device
(2) Local signaling service that causes the sounding of an audible signal at a constantly attended point
(3) Locking the disconnecting means in the closed position (f) Scaling of disconnecting means and approved weekly recorded inspections when the disconnecting means are loca- ted within fenced enclosures or in buildings under the control of the owner [20:9.2.3.3]
695.5 Transformers. Where the service or system voltage is different from the utilization voltage of the fire pump motor, transformer(s) protected by disconnecting means and overcur- rent protective devices shall be permitted to be installed between the system supply and the fire pump controller in accordance with 695.5(A) and (B), or with (C). Only trans- formers covered in 695.5(C) shall be permitted to supply loads not directly associated with the fire pump system.
(A) Size. Where a transformer supplies an electric motor driven fire pump, it shall be rated at a minimum of 125 percent of the sum of the fire pump motor(s) and pressure mainte- nance pump(s) motor loads, and 100 percent of the associated fire pump accessory equipment supplied by the transformer.
(B) Overcurrent Protection. The primary overcurrent protec- tive device(s) shall be selected or set to carry indefinitely the sum of the locked-rotor current of the fire pump motor(s) and the pressure maintenance pump motor(s) and the full-load current of the associated fire pump accessory equipment when connected to this power supply. Secondary overcurrent protec- tion shall not be permitted. The requirement to carry the locked-rotor currents indefinitely shall not apply to conductors or devices other than overcurrent devices in the fire pump motor circuit(s).
(C) Feeder Source. Where a feeder source'is provided in accordance with 695.3(C), transformers supplying the fire pump system shall be permitted to supply other loads. All other loads shall be calculated in accordance with Article 220, includ- ing demand factors as applicable.
(1) Size. Transformers shall be rated at a minimum of 125 percent of the sum of the fire pump motor(s) and pressure maintenance pump(s) motor loads, and 100 percent of the remaining load supplied by the transformer.
(2) Overcurrent Protection. The transformer size, the feeder size, and the overcurrent protective device(s) shall be coordina- ted such that overcurrent protection is provided for the trans- former in accordance with 450.3 and for the feeder in accordance with 215.3, and such that the overcurrent protec- tive device(s) is selected or set to carry indefinitely the sum of the locked-rotor current of the fire pump motor(s), the pres- sure maintenance pump motor(s), the full-load current of the associated fire pump accessory equipment, and 100 percent of the remaining loads supplied by the transformer. The require- ment to carry the locked-rotor currents indefinitely shall not apply to conductors or devices other than overcurrent devices in the fire pump motor circuit(s).
695.6 Power Wiring. Power circuits and wiring methods shall comply with the requirements in 695.6(A) through (J), and as
permitted in 230.90(A), Exception No. 4; 230.94, Exception No. 4; 240.13; 230.208; 240.4(A); and 430.31.
(A) Supply Conductors.
(1) Services and On-Site Power Production Facilities. Service conductors and conductors supplied by on-site power produc- tion facilities shall be physically routed outside a building(s) and shall be installed as service-entrance conductors in accord- ance with 230.6, 230.9, and Parts III and IV of Article 230. Where supply conductors cannot be physically routed outside of buildings, the conductors shall be permitted to be routed through the building(s) where installed in accordance with 230.6(1) or (2).
Exception: The supply conductors within the fire pump room shall not be required to meet 230.6(1) or (2).
Informational Note: See 250.24(C) for routing the grounded conductor to the service equipment.
(2) Feeders. Fire pump supply conductors on the load side of the final disconnecting means and overcurrent device(s) permitted by 695.4(B) or conductors that connect directly to an on-site standby generator shall comply with all of the follow- ing:
(1) Independent Routing. The conductors shall be kept entirely independent of all other wiring.
(2) Associated Fire Pump Loads. The conductors shall supply only loads that are directly associated with the fire pump system.
(3) Protection from Potential Damage. The conductors shall be protected from potential damage by fire, structural fail- urc, or operational accident.
(4) Inside of a Building. Where routed through a building, the conductors shall be protected from fire for 2 hours using one of the following methods:
a. The cable or raceway is encased in a minimum 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete.
b. The cable or raceway is part of a listed fire-resistive cable system.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 2196, Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for one method of defining a fire-resistive cable system.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL Guide Information for Fler- triral Circuit Integrity Systems (FHIT) for identifying the system and its installation limitations to maintain a mini- mum 2-hour fire-resistive rating.
Informational Note No. 3: The listing organization provides information for fire-resistive cable systems on proper instal- lation requirements to maintain the fire rating.
c. The cable or raceway is protected by a listed electrical circuit protective system.
Informational Note No. 4: See U'L 1724, Fine Tests for Electrical Cirruit Protective Systems, for one method of defining an elec- trical circuit protective system.
Informational Note No. 5: See UL Guide Information for Eler- triral Circuit Integrity Systems (FHIT) for identifying the system and its installation limitations to maintain a mini- mum 2-hour fire-resistive rating.
Informational Note No. 6: The listing organization provides information for electrical circuit protective systems on proper installation requirements to maintain the fire rating.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-621
695.6
ARTICLE 695 - FIRE PUMPS
Exception to 695.6(A)(2)(4): The supply conductors located in the electrical equipment room where they originate and in the fire pump room shall not be required to have the minimum 2-hour fire separa- tion or fire-resistance rating unless otherwise required by 700.10(D) of this Code.
(B) Conductor Size.
(1) Fire Pump Motors and Other Equipment. Conductors supplying a fire pump motor(s), pressure maintenance pumps, and associated fire pump accessory equipment shall have an ampacity of not less than the sum of the following:
(1) 125 percent of the sum of the fire pump motor(s) and pressure maintenance motor(s) full-load current(s), as determined by 430.6(A)
(2) 100 percent of the associated fire pump accessory cquip- ment full-load current(s)
(2) Fire Pump Motors Only. Conductors supplying only a fire pump motor shall have a minimum ampacity in accordance with 430.22 and shall comply with the voltage drop require- ments in 695.7.
(C) Overload Protection. Power circuits shall not have auto- matic protection against overloads. Except for protection of transformer primaries provided in 695.5(C) (2), branch-circuit and feeder conductors shall be protected against short circuit only. Where a tap is made to supply a fire pump, the wiring shall be treated as service conductors in accordance with 230.6. The applicable distance and size restrictions in 240.21 shall not apply.
Exception No. 1: Conductors between storage batteries and the engine shall not require overcurrent protection or disconnecting means.
Exception No. 2: For an on-site standby generator(s) rated to produce continuous current in excess of 225 percent of the full-load amperes of the fire pump motor, the conductors between the on-site generator(s) and the combination fire pump transfer switch controller or separately moun- ted transfer switch shall be installed in accordance with 695.6(A)(2).
The protection provided shall be in accordance with the short-circuit current rating of the combination fire pump transfer switch controller or separately mounted transfer switch.
(D) Pump Wiring.
(1) Wiring Methods. Wiring from the controller(s) to the pump motor shall be in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, liquidtight flexible metal conduit, or liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit LFNC-B, listed Type MC cable with an impervious covering, or Type MI cable. [20:9.4.4.1 ]
(2) Fittings. Fittings shall be listed for use in wet locations.
(3) Connections. Electrical connections at motor terminal boxes shall be made with a listed means of connection. Twist- on, insulation-piercing-type, and soldered wire connectors shall not be used for this purpose. [20:9.4.4.2, 9.4.4.3]
(E) Loads Supplied by Controllers and Transfer Switches. A fire pump controller and fire pump power transfer switch, if provided, shall not serve any load other than the fire pump for which it is intended.
(F) Mechanical Protection. All wiring from engine controllers and batteries shall be protected against physical damage and shall be installed in accordance with the controller and engine manufacturer's instructions.
(G) Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment. Ground-fault protection of equipment shall not be installed in any fire pump power circuit. [20:9.1.8.1]
(H) Listed Electrical Circuit Protective System to Controller Wiring. Electrical circuit protective system installation shall comply with any restrictions provided in the listing of the elec- trical circuit protective system used, and the following also shall apply:
(1) A junction box shall be installed ahead of the fire pump controller a minimum of 300 mm (12 in.) beyond the fire-rated ceiling, wall, or floor bounding the fire zonc.
(2) Where required by the manufacturer of a listed electrical circuit protective system or by the listing, or as required elsewhere in this Code, the raceway between a junction box and the fire pump controller shall be scaled at the junction box end as required and in accordance with the instructions of the manufacturer. [20:9.8.2]
(3) Standard wiring between the junction box and the controller shall be permitted. [20:9.8.3]
(I) Junction Boxes. Where fire pump wiring to or from a fire pump controller is routed through a junction box, the follow- ing requirements shall be met:
(1) Thejunction box shall be securely mounted. [20:9.7(1)]
(2) Mounting and installing of a junction box shall not violate the enclosure type rating of the fire pump control- Icr(s). [20:9.7(2)]
(3) Mounting and installing of a junction box shall not violate the integrity of the fire pump controller(s) and shall not affect the short-circuit current rating of the controller(s).
(4) As a minimum, a Type 2, drip-proof enclosure (junction box) shall be used where installed in the fire pump room. The enclosure shall be listed to match the fire pump controller enclosure type rating. [20:9.7(4)]
(5) Terminals, junction blocks, wire connectors, and splices, where used, shall be listed. [20:9.7(5)]
(6) A fire pump controller or fire pump power transfer switch, where provided, shall not be used as a junction box to supply other equipment, including a pressure maintenance (jockey) pump(s).
(J) Terminations. Where raceways or cable are terminated at a fire pump controller, the following requirements shall be met:
(1) Raceway or cable fittings listed and identified for use in wet locations shall be used.
(2) The type rating of the raceway or cable fittings shall be at Icast equal to that of the fire pump controller.
(3) The installation instructions of the manufacturer of the fire pump controller shall be followed.
(4) Alterations to the fire pump controller, other than race- way or cable terminations as allowed elsewhere in this Code, shall be approved by the authority having jurisdic- tion.
70-622
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
695.14
ARTICLE 695 - FIRE PUMPS
695.7 Voltage Drop.
(A) Motor Starting. Unless the requirements of 695.7(B) or (C) are met, the voltage at the fire pump controller line termi- nals shall not drop more than 15 percent below normal (controller-rated voltage) under motor starting conditions. [20:9.4.1]
(B) Emergency Run. The requirements of 695.7(A) shall not apply to emergency-run mechanical starting, provided a successful start can be demonstrated on the standby generator system. [20:9.4.2]
(C) Bypass Mode. The requirements of 695.7(A) shall not apply to the bypass mode of a variable speed pressure limiting control, provided a successful start can be demonstrated on the standby gen-set. [20:9.4.3]
(D) Motor Running. The voltage at the contactor load termi- nals to which the motor is connected shall not drop more than 5 percent below the voltage rating of the motor when the motor is operating at 115 percent of the full-load current rating of the motor. [20:9.4.4]
695.10 Listed Equipment. Diesel engine fire pump control- lers, electric fire pump controllers, electric motors, fire pump power transfer switches, foam pump controllers, and limited service controllers shall be listed for fire pump service. [20:9.5.1.1, 10.1.2.1, 12.1.3.1]
695.12 Equipment Location.
(A) Controllers and Transfer Switches. Electric motor-driven fire pump controllers and power transfer switches shall be loca- ted as close as practicable to, and within sight of, the motors that they control.
(B) Engine-Drive Controllers. Engine-drive fire pump control- lers shall be located as close as is practical to, and within sight of, the engines that they control.
(C) Storage Batteries. Storage batteries for fire pump engine drives shall be supported above the floor, secured against displacement, and located where they are not subject to physi- cal damage, flooding with water, excessive temperature, or excessive vibration.
(D) Energized Equipment. All energized equipment parts shall be located at least 300 mm (12 in.) above the floor level.
(E) Protection Against Pump Water. Fire pump controller and power transfer switches shall be located or protected so that they are not damaged by water escaping from pumps or pump connections.
(F) Mounting. All fire pump control equipment shall be mounted in a substantial manner on noncombustible support- ing structures.
695.14 Control Wiring.
(A) Control Circuit Failures. External control circuits that extend outside the fire pump room shall be arranged so that failure of any external circuit (open or short circuit) shall not prevent the operation of a pump(s) from all other internal or external means. Breakage, disconnecting, shorting of the wires, or loss of power to these circuits could cause continuous running of the fire pump but shall not prevent the control- ler(s) from starting the fire pump(s) due to causes other than these external control circuits. All control conductors within
the fire pump room that are not fault tolerant shall be protec- ted against physical damage. [20:10.5.2.6, 12.5.2.5]
(B) Sensor Functioning. No undervoltage, phase-loss, frequency-sensitive, or other sensor(s) shall be installed that automatically or manually prohibits actuation of the motor contactor. [20:10.4.5.6]
Exception: A phase-loss sensor(s) shall be permitted only as a part of a listed fire pump controller.
(C) Remote Device(s). No remote device(s) shall be installed that will prevent automatic operation of the transfer switch. [20:10.8.1.3]
(D) Engine-Drive Control Wiring. All wiring between the controller and the diesel engine shall be stranded and sized to continuously carry the charging or control currents as required by the controller manufacturer. Such wiring shall be protected against physical damage. Controller manufacturer's specifica- tions for distance and wire size shall be followed. [20:12.3.5.1]
(E) Electric Fire Pump Control Wiring Methods. All electric motor-driven fire pump control wiring shall be in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, liquidtight flexible metal conduit, electrical metallic tubing, liquidtight flexible nonme- tallic conduit, listed Type MC cable with an impervious cover- ing, or Type MI cable.
(F) Generator Control Wiring Methods. Control conductors installed between the fire pump power transfer switch and the standby generator supplying the fire pump during normal power loss shall be kept entirely independent of all other wiring. The integrity of the generator remote start circuit shall be monitored for broken, disconnected, or shorted wires. Loss of integrity shall start the generator(s).
Informational Note: See NFPA 20-2019, Standard for the Installa- tion of Stationary Pumps for Fire Protection, 3.3.7.2, for more infor- mation on fault-tolerant external control circuits.
The control conductors shall be protected to resist potential damage by fire or structural failure. Where routed through a building, the conductors shall be protected from fire for 2 hours using one of the following methods:
(1) The cable or raceway is encased in a minimum 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete.
(2) The cable or raceway is part of a listed fire-resistive cable system.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 2196-2017, Standard for Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for testing requirements for fire-resistive cables.
Informational Note No. 2: The listing organization provides information for fire-resistive cable systems on proper installation requirements to maintain the fire rating.
(3) The cable or raceway is protected by a listed electrical circuit protective system.
Informational Note No. 3: See U'L 1724, Fire Tests for Electrical Circuit Protection Systems, for testing requirements for circuit protective systems.
Informational Note No. 4: Electrical circuit protective systems could include, but are not limited to, thermal barriers or a protective shaft.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-623
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
695.15
ARTICLE 695 - FIRE PUMPS
Informational Note No. 5: The listing organization provides information for electrical circuit protective systems on proper installation requirements to maintain the fire rating.
695.15 Surge Protection. A listed surge protective device (SPD) shall be installed in or on the fire pump controller.
Informational Note: See UL 1449-2021, Standard for Surge Proter- tive Devires, for proper application of SPD types.
Exception: Surge-protective devices shall not be required in or on a fire pump controller for diesel fire pumps.
70-624
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
700.3
ARTICLE 700 - EMERGENCY SYSTEMS
Chapter 7 Special Conditions
ARTICLE 700 Emergency Systems
Part I. General
700.1 Scope. This article applies to the electrical safety of the installation, operation, and maintenance of emergency systems consisting of circuits and cquipment intended to supply, distribute, and control electricity for illumination, power, or both, to required facilities when the normal electrical supply or system is interrupted.
Informational Note No. 1: Emergency systems are generally installed in places of assembly where artificial illumination is required for safe exiting and for panic control in buildings subject to occupancy by large numbers of persons, such as hotels, theaters, sports arenas, health care facilities, and similar institutions. Emergency systems may also provide power for such functions as ventilation where essential to maintain life, fire detection and alarm systems, elevators, fire pumps, public safety communications systems, industrial processes where current interruption would produce serious life safety or health hazards, and similar functions.
Informational Note No. 2: See Article 517, Health Care Facili- ties, for further information regarding wiring and installation of emergency systems in health care facilities.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 99-2018, Health Care Facili- ties Code, for further information regarding perfonnance and maintenance of emergency systems in health care facilities.
Informational Note No. 4: See NFPA 101-2018, Lafe Safety Code, for specification of locations where emergency lighting is considered essential to life safety.
Informational Note No. 5: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emer- geruy and Standby Power Systems, and NFPA 111-2019, Standard on Stored Electrical Energy Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for further information regarding performance of emergency and standby power systems. Emergency systems are considered Level 1 systems when applying NFPA 110.
700.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned transfer switches shall not be permitted.
700.3 Tests and Maintenance.
(A) Commissioning Witness Test. The authority having juris- diction shall conduct or witness the commissioning of the complete system upon installation and periodically afterward.
Informational Note: See NECA 90, Standard for Commissioning Building Electrical Systems.
(B) Tested Periodically. Systems shall be tested periodically on a schedule approved by the authority having jurisdiction to ensure the systems are maintained in proper operating condi- tion.
(C) Maintenance. Emergency system equipment shall be main- tained in accordance with manufacturer instructions and industry standard.s.
(D) Written Record. A written record shall be kept of such tests and maintenance.
(E) Testing Under Load. Mcans for testing all emergency lighting and power systems during maximum anticipated load conditions shall be provided.
Informational Note: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for information on testing and mainte- nance of emergency power supply systems (EPSSs).
(F) Temporary Source of Power for Maintenance or Repair of the Alternate Source of Power. If the emergency system relics on a single alternate source of power, which will be disabled for maintenance or repair, the emergency system shall include permanent switching means to connect a portable or tempo- rary alternate source of power that shall be available for the duration of the maintenance or repair. The permanent switch- ing means to connect a portable or temporary alternate source of power shall comply with the following:
(1) Connection to the portable or temporary alternate source of power shall not require modification of the permanent system wiring.
(2) Transfer of power between the normal power source and the emergency power source shall be in accordance with 700.12.
(3) The connection point for the portable or temporary alter- : nate source shall be marked with the phase rotation and system bonding requirements.
(4) The switching means, including the interlocks, shall be listed and provided with mechanical or mechanical and electrical interlocking to prevent inadvertent intercon- nection of power sources.
(5) The switching means shall include a contact point that shall annunciate at a location remote from the generator or at another facility monitoring system to indicate that the permanent emergency source is disconnected from the emergency system.
(6) The permanent connection point for the temporary generator shall be located outdoors and shall not have cables from the connection point to the temporary gener- ator routed through exterior windows, doors, or similar openings.
(7) A permanent label shall be field applied at the perma- nent connection point to identify the system voltage, maximum amperage, short-circuit current rating of the load side of equipment supplied, and ungrounded conductor identification in accordance with 210.5.
It shall be permissible to use manual switching to switch from the permanent source of power to the portable or tempo- rary alternate source of power and to use the switching means for connection of a load bank.
Informational Note: See Informational Note Figure 700.3(F) for one example of many possible methods to achieve the require- ments of 700.3(F).
Exception: The permanent switching means to connect a portable or temporary alternate source of power for the duration of the maintenance or repair shall not be required where any of the following conditions exists:
(1) All processes that rely on the emergency system source are capable of being disabled during maintenance or repair of the emergency source of power.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-625
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
700.4
ARTICLE 700 - EMERGENCY SYSTEMS
(2) The building or structure is unoccupied and fire protection systems are fully functional and do not require an alternate power sourre.
(3) Other temporary means can be substituted for the emergency system.
(4) A permanent alternate emergency source, such as, but not limited to, a second on-site standby generator or separate electric utility service connection, capable of supporting the emergency system, exists.
700.4 Capacity and Rating.
(A) Capacity. An emergency system shall have adequate capacity in accordance with Parts I through IV of Article 220 or by another approved method. The system capacity shall be sufficient for the rapid load changes and transient power and energy requirements associatedwith any expected loads.
(B) Selective Load Management. The alternate power source shall be permitted to supply emergency, legally required standby, and optional standby system loads where the source has adequate capacity or where load management (that includes automatic selective load pickup and load shedding) is provided as needed to ensure adequate power to the following in order of priority:
(1) Emergency circuits
(2) Legally required standby circuits
(3) Optional standby circuits
(C) Parallel Operation. Parallel operation of the emergency source(s) shall consist of the sources specified in 700.4(C) (1) and (C)(2).
(1) Normal Source. The emergency source shall be permitted to operate in parallel with the normal source in compliance with Part I or Part II of Article 705 where the capacity required to supply the emergency load is maintained at all times. Any operating condition that results in less than the required emer- gency source capacity shall initiate a system malfunction signal in accordance with 700.6(A).
Portable or temporary power source
Emergency power source
Normal power source
O
700.3(F) Switching means and interlock
700.5 Transfer equipment
Emergency load
Informational Note Figure 700.3(F)
Parallel operation shall be permitted for satisfying the test requirements of 700.3(B), provided all other conditions of 700.3 arc met.
Informational Note: Peak load shaving is one application for parallel source operation.
(2) Emergency Source. Emergency sources shall be permitted to operate in parallel where the necessary equipment to cstab- lish and maintain a synchronous condition is provided.
700.5 Transfer Equipment.
(A) General. Transfer equipment shall be automatic, listed, and marked for emergency usc. Transfer equipment shall be designed and installed to prevent the inadvertent interconnec- tion of normal and emergency sources of supply in any opera- tion of the transfer equipment. Transfer equipment and electric power production systems installed to permit operation in parallel with the normal source shall meet the requirements of Article 705. Meter-mounted transfer switches shall not be permitted for emergency system usc.
(B) Bypass Isolation Transfer Switches. Mcans shall be permit- ted to bypass and isolate the transfer equipment. Where bypass isolation transfer switches are used, inadvertent parallel opera- tion shall be prevented.
(C) Automatic Transfer Switches. Automatic transfer switches shall be electrically operated and mechanically held.
(D) Redundant Transfer Equipment. If emergency loads arc supplied by a single feeder, the emergency power system shall include redundant transfer equipment or a bypass isolation transfer switch to facilitate maintenance as required in 700.3(C) without jeopardizing continuity of power. If the redundant transfer equipment or bypass isolation transfer switch is manual (or nonautomatic), then it shall be actively supervised by a qualified person when the primary (automatic) transfer equipment is disabled for maintenance or repair.
Exception: The requirement for redundancy with the transfer equipment shall not apply where any of the following conditions exist:
(1) All processes that rely on the emergency system source are capable of being disabled during maintenance or repair activities without jeopardizing the safety to human life.
(2) The building or structure is unorcupied and fire protection systems are fully functional and do not require an alternate power sourre.
(3) Other temporary means shall be permitted to be substituted for the emergency system.
(4) A written emergency plan that includes mitigation actions and responsibilities for qualified persons to address the recognized site hazards for the duration of the maintenance or repair activities shall be developed and implemented. The emergency plan shall be made available to the authority having jurisdiction.
(E) Use. Transfer equipment shall supply only emergency loads.
Informational Note: Transfer equipment that supplies emer- gency loads provides separation of this load type from any others and is independent of any equipment used to combine or parallel sources.
(F) Documentation. The short-circuit current rating of the transfer equipment, based on the specific overcurrent protec- tive device type and settings protecting the transfer equipment,
70-626
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
700.10
ARTICLE 700 - EMERGENCY SYSTEMS
shall be field marked on the exterior of the transfer equip- ment.
700.6 Signals. Audible, visual, and facility or network remote annunciation devices shall be provided, where applicable, for the purpose described in 700.6(A) through (D).
(A) Malfunction. Malfunction signals indicate a malfunction of the emergency source.
(B) Carrying Load. Load carrying signals indicate that the emergency source is carrying load.
(C) Storage Battery Charging Malfunction. Storage battery charging malfunction signals indicate a charging malfunction on a battery required for source readiness, including starting the prime mover, is not functioning.
(D) Ground Fault. Ground-fault signals indicate a ground fault in solidly grounded wyc emergency systems of more than 150 volts to ground and circuit-protective devices rated 1000 amperes or more. The sensor for the ground-fault signal devi- ces shall be located at, or ahead of, the main system disconnect- ing means for the emergency source, and the maximum setting of the signal devices shall be for a ground-fault current of 1200 amperes. Instructions on the course of action to be taken in the event of indicated ground fault shall be located at or near the sensor location.
For systems with multiple emergency sources connected to a paralleling bus, the ground fault sensor and the system bond- ing jumper shall be permitted to be at an alternative location.
700.7 Signs.
(A) Emergency Sources. A sign shall be placed at the service- entrance equipment, indicating type and location of cach on- site emergency power source.
Exception: A sign shall not be required for individual unit equipment as specified in 700.12(II).
(B) Grounding. Where removal of a grounding or bonding connection in normal power source equipment interrupts the grounding electrode conductor connection to the alternate power source(s) grounded conductor, a warning sign shall be installed at the normal power source equipment stating:
WARNING SHOCK HAZARD EXISTS IF GROUNDING ELECTRODE CONDUCTOR OR BONDING JUMPER CONNECTION IN THIS EQUIPMENT IS REMOVED WHILE ALTERNATE SOURCE(S) IS ENERGIZED.
The warning sign (s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
700.8 Surge Protection. A listed SPD shall be installed in or on all emergency system switchgear, switchboards, and pancl- boards.
Part II. Circuit Wiring
700.10 Wiring, Emergency System.
(A) Identification. Emergency circuits shall be permanently marked so they will be readily identified as a component of an emergency circuit or system by the following methods:
(1) All boxes and enclosures (including transfer switches, generators, and power panels) for emergency circuits
shall be permanently marked as a component of an emer- gency circuit or system.
(2) Where boxes or enclosures are not encountered, exposed cable or raceway systems shall be permanently marked to be identified as a component of an emergency circuit or system, at intervals not to exceed 7.6 m (25 ft).
Receptacles supplied from the emergency system shall have a distinctive color or marking on the receptacle cover plates or the receptacles.
(B) Wiring. Wiring from an emergency source or emergency source distribution overcurrent protection to emergency loads shall be kept entirely independent of all other wiring and equipment unless otherwise permitted in the following:
(1) Wiring from the normal power source located in transfer equipment enclosures
(2) Wiring supplied from two sources in exit or emergency luminaires
(3) Wiring from two sources in a listed load control relay supplying exit or emergency luminaires, or in a common junction box, attached to exit or emergency luminaires
(4) Wiring within a common junction box attached to unit equipment, containing only the branch circuit supplying the unit equipment and the emergency circuit supplied by the unit equipment
(5) Wiring within a traveling cable to an elevator
(6) Wiring from an emergency source to supply emergency : and other (nonemergency) loads in accordance with the following:
a. Separate vertical switchgear sections or separate verti- cal switchboard sections, with or without a common bus, or individual disconnects mounted in separate enclosures shall be used to separate emergency loads from all other load.s.
b. The common bus of separate sections of the switch- gcar, separate sections of the switchboard, or the indi- vidual enclosures shall be either of the following:
(i) Supplied by single or multiple feeders without overcurrent protection at the source
(ii) Supplied by single or multiple feeders with overcurrent protection, provided that the over- current protection that is common to an emer- gency system and any nonemergency system(s) is selectively coordinated with the next down- stream overcurrent protective device in the nonemergency system (s)
Informational Note: See Informational Note Figure 700.10(B)(1) and Informational Note Figure 700.10(B) (2) for further information.
c. Emergency circuits shall not originate from the same vertical switchgear section, vertical switchboard section, panelboard enclosure, or individual discon- nect enclosure as other circuits.
d. It shall be permissible to use single or multiple feed- crs to supply distribution equipment between an emergency source and the point where the emer- gency loads are separated from all other loads.
c. At the emergency power source, such as a generator, multiple integral overcurrent protective devices shall cach be permitted to supply a designated emergency or a designated nonemergency load, provided that there is complete separation between emergency and
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-627
700.10
ARTICLE 700 - EMERGENCY SYSTEMS
nonemergency loads beginning immediately after the overcurrent protective device line-side connections.
Wiring of two or more emergency circuits supplied from the same source shall be permitted in the same raceway, cable, box, or cabinet.
(C) Wiring Design and Location. Emergency wiring circuits shall be designed and located so as to minimize the hazards that might cause failure due to flooding, fire, icing, vandalism, and other adverse conditions.
(D) Fire Protection.
(1) Occupancies. Emergency systems shall meet the additional requirements in 700.10(D)(2) through (D) (4) in the following occupancies:
(1) Assembly occupancies for not less than 1000 persons
(2) Buildings above 23 m (75 ft) in height
(3) Educational occupancies with more than 300 occupants
Emergency source
Common bus
Emergency
Legally required standby (other loads)
Optional standby (other loads)
Informational Note Figure 700.10(B)(1) Feeders Without Overcurrent Protection.
Single or Multiple
Emergency source
Common OCPD
Common bus
E
LRS
Jos
Emergency
Legally required standby (other loads)
Optional standby (other loads)
Informational Note Figure 700.10(B)(2) Feeders with Overcurrent Protection.
Single or Multiple
(2) Feeder-Circuit Wiring. Feeder-circuit wiring shall meet one of the following conditions:
(1) The cable or raceway is installed in spaces or arcas that are fully protected by an approved automatic fire protec- tion system.
(2) The cable or raceway is protected by a listed electrical circuit protective system with a minimum 2-hour fire rating.
Informational Note No. 1: See U'L 1724, Fire Tests for Electrical Circuit Protection Systems, for one method of defining an electrical circuit protective system. The U'L Guide Information for Electrical Cirruit Integrity Systems (FHIT) contains infonnation to identify the system and its installation limitations to maintain a mini- mum 2-hour fire-resistive rating and is available from the certifi- cation body.
(3) The cable or raceway is a listed fire-resistive cable system with a minimum 2-hour fire rating.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 2196-2017, Standard for Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for one method of defining a fire- resistive cable system.
(4) The cable or raceway is protected by a listed fire-rated assembly that has a minimum fire rating of 2 hours and contains only emergency circuits.
(5) The cable or raceway is encased in a minimum of 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete.
(3) Feeder-Circuit Equipment. Equipment for feeder circuits (including transfer switches, transformers, and panelboards) shall be located either in spaces fully protected by an approved automatic fire protection system or in spaces with a 2-hour fire resistance rating.
(4) Source Control Wiring. Control conductors installed between the emergency power supply system/stored-energy power supply system (EPSS/SEPSS) and transfer equipment or control systems that initiate the operation of emergency sour- ces or initiate the automatic connection to emergency loads shall be kept entirely independent of all other wiring and shall meet the conditions of 700.10(D) (2). The integrity of source control wiring shall be monitored for broken, disconnected, or shorted wires. Loss of integrity shall result in the following actions:
(1) Generators. Shall start the generator(s).
(2) All other sources. Shall be considered a system malfunction and initiate the designated signal(s) in 700.6(A).
700.11 Wiring, Class-2-Powered Emergency Lighting Systems.
(A) General. Line voltage supply wiring and installation of Class 2 emergency lighting control devices shall comply with 700.10. Class 2 emergency circuits shall comply with 700.11 (B) through (D).
(B) Identification. Emergency circuits shall be permanently marked so they will be readily identified as a component of an emergency circuit or system by the following methods:
(1) All boxes and enclosures for Class 2 emergency circuits shall be permanently marked as a component of an emer- gency circuit or system.
(2) Exposed cable, cable tray, or raceway systems shall be permanently marked to be identified as a component of an emergency circuit or system, within 900 mm (3 ft) of
70-628
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 700 - EMERGENCY SYSTEMS
700.12
cach connector and at intervals not to exceed 7.6 m (25 ft).
(C) Separation of Circuits. Class 2 emergency circuits shall be wired in a listed, jacketed cable or with one of the wiring meth- ods of Chapter 3. If installed alongside nonemergency Class 2 circuits that are bundled, Class 2 emergency circuits shall be bundled separately. If installed alongside nonemergency Class 2 circuits that are not bundled, Class 2 emergency circuits shall be separated by a nonconductive sleeve or nonconductive barrier from all other Class 2 circuits. Separation from other circuits shall comply with 725.136.
(D) Protection. Wiring shall comply with the requirements of 300.4 and be installed in a raceway, armored or metal-clad cable, or cable tray.
Exception Exception No. 1: Section 700.11(D) shall not apply to wiring that does not exceed 1.83 m (6 ft) in length and that terminates at an emergency luminaire or an emergency lighting control device.
Exception Exception No. 2: Section 700.11(D) shall not apply to locked rooms or locked enclosures that are accessible only to qualified persons.
Informational Note: Locked rooms accessible only to qualified persons include locked telecommunications rooms, locked elec- trical equipment rooms, or other access-controlled areas.
Part III. Sources of Power
700.12 General Requirements. Current supply shall be such that, in the event of failure of the normal supply to, or within, the building or group of buildings concerned, emergency light- ing, emergency power, or both shall be available within the time required for the application but not to exceed 10 seconds. The supply system for emergency purposes, in addition to the normal services to the building and meeting the general requirements of this section, shall be one or more of the types of systems described in 700.12(C) through (H). Unit cquip- ment in accordance with 700.12(H) shall satisfy the applicable requirements of this article.
(A) Power Source Considerations. In selecting an emergency source of power, consideration shall be given to the occupancy and the type of service to be rendered, whether of minimum duration, as for cvacuation of a theater, or longer duration, as for supplying emergency power and lighting due to an indefi- nite period of current failure from trouble cither inside or outside the building.
(B) Equipment Design and Location. Equipment shall be designed and located so as to minimize the hazards that might cause complete failure due to flooding, fires, icing, and vandal- ism.
Equipment for sources of power as described in 700.12(C) through (H) shall be installed either in spaces fully protected by approved automatic fire protection systems or in spaces with a 2-hour fire rating where located within the following:
(1) Assemblyoccupancies for more than 1000 persons
(2) Buildings above 23 m (75 ft) in height
(3) Educational occupancies with more than 300 occupants
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 101-2021, Life Safety Code, Section 6.1, for infonnation on occupancy classifications.
Informational Note No. 2: See IEEE 3006.5-2014, Recommended Practice for the Use of Probability Methods for Conducting a Reliability
Analysis of Industrial and Commercial Power Systems, for information regarding power system reliability.
(C) Supply Duration. The emergency power source shall be of suitable rating and capacity to supply and maintain the total load for the duration determined by the system design. In no case shall the duration be less than 2 hours of system operation unless used for emergency illumination in 700.12(C) (4) or unit equipment in 700.12(H). Additionally, the power source shall comply with 700.12(C) (1) through (C) (5) as applicable.
Informational Note: See NFPA 110-2022, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for infonnation on classification of emergency power supply systems (EPSS).
(1) On-Site Fuel Supply. An on-site fuel supply shall be provi- ded, sufficient for not less than 2 hours operation of the system.
(2) Fuel Transfer Pumps. Where power is needed for the operation of the fuel transfer pumps to deliver fuel to the source, these pumps shall be connected to the emergency power system.
(3) Public Gas System, Municipal Water Supply. Sources shall not be solely dependent on a public utility gas system for their fuel supply or municipal water supply for their cooling systems.
Exception: Where approved by the authority having jurisdiction, the use of other than on-site fuels shall be permitted where there is a low proba- bility of a simultaneous failure of both the off-site fuel delivery system and power from the outside electrical utility company. Where the public gas system is approved, the requirements of 700.12(C)(1) shall not apply.
(4) Storage Batteries and UPS. Storage batteries and UPS used to supply emergency illumination shall be of suitable rating and capacity to supply and maintain the total load for a minimum period of 11/9 hours, without the voltage applied to the load falling below 871/9 percent of nominal voltage. Automotive-type batteries shall not be used. An automatic battery charging means shall be provided.
(5) Automatic Fuel Transfer Where dual fuel sources are used, mcans shall be provided for automatically transferring from one fuel source to another.
(D) Generator Set.
(1) Prime Mover-Driven. For a generator set driven by a prime mover approved by the authority having jurisdiction and sized in accordance with 700.4, means shall be provided for automat- ically starting the prime mover on failure of the normal power source and for automatic transfer and operation of all required electrical circuits. A time-delay feature shall be provided to avoid retransfer in case of short-time reestablishment of the normal source.
(2) Battery Power and Dampers. Where a storage battery is used for control or signal power or as the means of starting the prime mover, it shall be suitable for the purpose and shall be cquipped with an automatic charging means independent of the generator set. Where the battery charger is required for the operation of the generator set, it shall be connected to the emergency system. Where power is required for the operation of dampers used to ventilate the generator set, the dampers shall be connected to the emergency system.
(3) Auxiliary Power Supply. Generator sets that require more than 10 seconds to develop power shall be permitted if an
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-629
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
700.12
ARTICLE 700 - EMERGENCY SYSTEMS
auxiliary power supply energizes the emergency system until the generator can pick up the load.
(4) Outdoor Generator Sets. Where an outdoor-housed gener- ator set is equipped with a readily accessible disconnecting mcans in accordance with 445.18, and the disconnecting means is located within sight of the building or structure supplied, an additional disconnecting means shall not be required where ungrounded conductors serve or pass through the building or structure. Where the generator supply conduc- tors terminate at a disconnecting means in or on a building or structure, the disconnecting means shall meet the require- ments of 225.36.
Exception: For installations under single management, where condi- tions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons will monitor and service the installation and where documented safe switching procedures are established and maintained for disconnec- tion, the generator set disconnecting means shall not be required to be located within sight of the building or structure served.
(E) Stored-Energy Power Supply Systems (SEPSS). Stored energy power supply systems shall comply with 700.12(E) (1) and (E) (2).
(1) Types. Systems shall consist of one or more of the follow- ing system types:
(1) Uninterruptible power supply (UPS)
Informational Note: See UL 1778, Uninterruptible Power Systems, for further infonnation.
(2) Fuel cell system
(3) Energy storage system (ESS)
(4) Storage battery
(5) Other approved equivalent stored energy sources that comply with 700.12
(2) Fire Protection, Suppression, Ventilation, and Separation. The systems in 700.12(E) (1) shall be installed with the fire protection, suppression, ventilation, and separation require- ments specified in the manufacturer's instructions or cquip- ment listing.
Informational Note: See NFPA 853-2020, Standard. for the Installa- tion of Stationary Fuel
Cell Power . Systems, and NFPA 855-2020, Standard for the Installation of Stationary Energy Storage Systems, for additional information on fire protection installation requirements.
(F) Separate Service. Where approved by the authority having jurisdiction as suitable for use as an emergency source of power, an additional service shall be permitted. This service shall be in accordance with the applicable provisions of Arti- cle 230 and the following additional requirements:
(1) Separate overhead service conductors, service drops, underground service conductors, or service laterals shall be installed.
(2) The service conductors for the separate service shall be installed sufficiently remote electrically and physically from any other service conductors to minimize the possi- bility of simultancous interruption of supply.
(G) Microgrid Systems. On-site sources, designated as emer- gency sources, shall be permitted to be connected to a micro- grid system.
The system shall isolate the emergency system from all nonc- mergency loads when the normal electric supply is interrupted
or shall meet the requirements of 700.4(B). Interruption or partial or complete failure of the normal or nonemergency source(s) shall not impact the availability, capacity, and dura- tion provided by the designated emergency sources.
The designated stored-energy electrical emergency power source(s) of a microgrid system shall be permitted to remain interconnected to any available power production source during operation of the emergency source(s) where the lack of, or failure of, the interconnected power production source(s), or related controls, does not impact system opera- tion. Interconnected power production sources, other than the designated stored emergency power source(s), shall not be required to meet the requirements of this article.
(H) Battery-Equipped Emergency Luminaires.
(1) Listing. All battery-equipped emergency luminaires shall be listed.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 924, Emergency Lighting and Power Equipment, for the requirements covering battery- equipped emergency luminaires and emergency battery packs. A listed emergency battery pack installed in a listed luminaire will provide similar functionality as a listed battery-equipped emer- gency luminaire.
Informational Note No. 2: Unit equipment is a type of battery- equipped emergency luminaire.
(2) Installation. Battery-equipped emergency luminaires shall be installed in accordance with the following:
(1) Battery-equipped emergency luminaires shall be perma- nently fixed in place (i.c., not portable).
(2) Wiring to cach luminaire shall be installed in accordance with the requirements of any of the wiring methods in Chapter 3 unless otherwise specified in Part II, IV, or V of this article. Flexible cord-and-plug connection shall be permitted for unit equipment, provided that the cord does not exceed 900 mm (3 ft) in length. Flexible cord, with or without a plug, shall also be permitted for battery- cquipped emergency luminaires installed in accordance with 410.62(C) (1).
(3) The branch circuit feeding the battery-equipped emer- gency luminaire shall be one of the following:
a. The same branch circuit as that serving the normal lighting in the arca and connected ahead of any local switches.
b. The same or a different branch circuit as that serving the normal lighting in the arca if that circuit is equip- ped with means to monitor the status of that arca's normal lighting branch circuit ahcad of any local switches.
c. A separate branch circuit originating from the same panelboard as one or more normal lighting circuits. This separate branch circuit disconnecting means shall be provided with a lock-on featurc.
(4) The branch circuit that feeds battery-equipped emer- gency luminaires shall be clearly identified at the distribu- tion pancl.
(5) Emergency luminaires that obtain power from a battery- cquipped emergency luminaire shall be wired to the battery-equipped emergency luminaires as required in Part II, IV, or V of this article.
(6) Remote luminaires providing lighting for the exterior of an exit door shall be permitted to be supplied by the
70-630
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
700.24
ARTICLE 700 - EMERGENCY SYSTEMS
battery-equipped emergency luminaire serving the arca immediately inside the exit door.
Part IV. Emergency System Circuits for Lighting and Power
700.15 Loads on Emergency Branch Circuits. No appliances and no lamps, other than those specified as required for emer- gency use, shall be supplied by emergency lighting circuits.
700.16 Emergency Illumination.
(A) General. Emergency illumination shall include means of egress lighting, illuminated exit signs, and all other luminaires specified as necessary to provide required illumination.
(B) System Reliability. Emergency lighting systems shall be designed and installed so that the failure of any illumination source cannot leave in total darkness any space that requires emergency illumination. Emergency lighting control devices in the emergency lighting system shall be listed for use in emer- gency systems. Listed unit equipment in accordance with 700.12(H) shall be considered as meeting the provisions of this section.
Informational Note: See 700.23 through 700.26 for applications of emergency system control devices.
(C) Discharge Lighting. Where high-intensity discharge light- ing such as high- and low-pressure sodium, mercury vapor, and metal halide is used as the sole source of normal illumination, the emergency lighting system shall be required to operate until normal illumination has been restored.
(D) Disconnecting Means. Where an emergency system is installed, emergency illumination shall be provided in the arca of the disconnecting means required by 225.31 and 230.70, as applicable, where the disconnecting means are installed indoors.
Exception: Alternative means that ensure that the emergency lighting illumination level is maintained shall be permitted.
700.17 Branch Circuits for Emergency Lighting. Branch circuits that supply emergency lighting shall be installed to provide service from a source complying with 700.12 when the normal supply for lighting is interrupted. Such installations shall provide either of the following:
(1) An emergency lighting supply, independent of the normal lighting supply, with provisions for automatically transferring the emergency lights upon the event of fail- ure of the normal lighting supply.
(2) Two or more branch circuits supplied from separate and complete systems with independent power sources. One of the two power sources and systems shall be part of the emergency system, and the other shall be permitted to be part of the normal power source and system. Each system shall provide sufficient power for emergency lighting purposes.
Unless both systems are used for regular lighting purpo- ses and both are kept lighted, means shall be provided for automatically energizing either system upon failure of the other. Either system or both systems shall be permitted to be a part of the general lighting of the protected occu- pancy if circuits supplying lights for emergency illumina- tion are installed in accordance with other sections of this article.
700.18 Circuits for Emergency Power. For branch circuits that supply equipment classed as emergency, there shall be an emergency system supply source to which the load will be trans- ferred automatically upon the failure of the normal supply.
700.19 Multiwire Branch Circuits. The branch circuit serving emergency lighting and power circuits shall not be part of a multiwire branch circuit.
Part V. Control - Emergency Lighting Circuits
700.20 Switch Requirements. The switch or switches installed in emergency lighting circuits shall be arranged so that only authorized persons have control of emergency lighting.
Exception No. 1: Where two or more single-throw switches are connected in parallel to control a single circuit, at least one of these switches shall be accessible only to authorized persons.
Exception No. 2: Additional switches that act only to put emergency lights into operation but not disconnect them shall be permissible.
Switches connected in series or 3- and 4-way switches shall not be used.
700.21 Switch Location. All manual switches for controlling emergency circuits shall be in locations convenient to author- ized persons responsible for their actuation. In facilitics covered by Articles 518 and 520, a switch for controlling emer- gency lighting systems shall be located in the lobby or at a place conveniently accessible thereto.
In no case shall a control switch for emergency lighting bc placed in a motion-picture projection booth or on a stage or platform.
Exception: Where multiple switches are provided, one such switch shall be permitted in such locations where arranged so that it can only ener- gize the circuit but cannot de-energize the circuit.
700.22 Exterior Lights. Those lights on the exterior of a build- ing that are not required for illumination when there is suffi- cient daylight shall be permitted to be controlled by an automatic light-actuated device.
700.23 Dimmer and Relay Systems. A dimmer or relay system containing more than one dimmer or relay and listed for use in emergency systems shall be permitted to be used as a control device for energizing emergency lighting circuits. Upon failure of normal power, the dimmer or relay system shall be permit- ted to selectively energize only those branch circuits required to provide minimum emergency illumination using a control bypass function. Where the dimmer or relay system is fed by a normal/emergency power source from an upstream transfer switch, normal power sensing for this function shall be permit- ted to be from a normal-only power source upstream of the transfer switch. All branch circuits supplied by the dimmer or relay system cabinet shall comply with the wiring methods of Part II of Article 700.
700.24 Directly Controlled Emergency Luminaires. Where emergency illumination is provided by one or more directly controlled emergency luminaires that, upon loss of normal power, respond to an external control input to establish the required emergency illumination level, such directly controlled emergency luminaries shall be listed for use in emergency systems. Luminaires that are energized to the required emer- gency illumination level by disconnection of their control input
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-631
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
700.25
ARTICLE 701 - LEGALLY REQUIRED STANDBY SYSTEMS
by a listed emergency lighting control device shall not be required to be listed for use in emergency systems.
700.25 Branch Circuit Emergency Lighting Transfer Switch. Emergency lighting loads supplied by branch circuits rated at not greater than 20 amperes shall be permitted to be trans- ferred from the normal branch circuit to an emergency branch circuit using a listed branch circuit emergency lighting transfer switch. The mechanically held requirement of 700.5(C) shall not apply to listed branch circuit emergency lighting transfer switches.
700.26 Automatic Load Control Relay. If an emergency light- ing load is automatically energized upon loss of the normal supply, a listed automatic load control relay shall be permitted to energize the load. The load control relay shall not be used as transfer equipment.
700.27 Class 2 Powered Emergency Lighting Systems. Devices that combine control signals with Class 2 emergency power on a single circuit shall be listed as emergency lighting control devices.
Informational Note: An example of a device combining control signals with Class 2 emergency power sources is a Power over Ethernet (POE) switch.
Part VI. Overcurrent Protection
700.30 Accessibility. The branch-circuit overcurrent devices in emergency circuits shall be accessible to authorized persons only.
700.31 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment. The alternate source for emergency systems shall not be required to provide ground-fault protection of equipment with automatic discon- necting means. Ground-fault indication at the emergency source shall be provided in accordance with 700.6(D) if ground-fault protection of equipment with automatic discon- necting means is not provided.
700.32 Selective Coordination.
(A) General. Emergency system(s) overcurrent protective devi- ces (OCPDs) shall be selectively coordinated with all supply- side and load-side OCPDs.
Selective coordination shall be selected by a licensed profes- sional engineer or other qualified persons engaged primarily in the design, installation, or maintenance of electrical systems. The selection shall be documented and made available to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, and operate the system.
(B) Replacements. Where emergency system(s) OCPDs arc replaced, they shall be reevaluated to ensure selective coordina- tion is maintained with all supply-side and load-side OCPDs.
(C) Modifications. If modifications, additions, or deletions to the emergency system(s) occur, selective coordination of the emergency system(s) OCPDs with all supply-side and load-side OCPDs shall be reevaluated.
Exception: Selective coordination shall not be required between two over- current devices located in series if no loads are connected in parallel with the downstream device.
Normal Source
Emergency Source
G
A
E
1
1
B
F
c
D
Informational Note Figure 700.32(C) Emergency System Selective Coordination.
Informational Note: See Informational Note Figure 700.32(C) for an example of how emergency system OCPDs selectively coordinate with all supply-side OCPDs.
OCPD D selectively coordinates with OCPDs C, F, E, B, and
A. OCPD C selectively coordinates with OCPDs F, E, B, and A. OCPDF selectively coordinates with OCPD E. OCPD B is not required to selectively coordinate with OCPD A hecause OCPD B is not an emergency system OCPD.
ARTICLE 701 Legally Required Standby Systems
Part I. General
701.1 Scope. This article applies to the electrical safety of the installation, operation, and maintenance of legally required standby systems consisting of circuits and equipment intended to supply, distribute, and control electricity to required facili- tics for illumination or power, or both, when the normal elec- trical supply or system is interrupted.
70-632
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. Toreport unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
701.6
ARTICLE 701 -LEGALLY REQUIRED STANDBY SYSTEMS
The systems covered by this article consist only of those that are permanently installed in their entirety, including the power source.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 99-2018, Health Care Facili- ties Code, for further information.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emer- gerry and Standby Power Systems, for further infonnation regard- ing performance of emergency and standby power systems.
Informational Note No. 3: See ANSI/IEEE 446-1995, Recommen- ded Practice for Emergency and Standby Power Systems for Industrial and Commercial Applications, for further information.
Informational Note No. 4: Legally required standby systems are typically installed to serve loads, such as heating and refrigera- tion systems, communications systems, ventilation and smoke removal systems, sewage disposal systems, lighting systems, and industrial processes that, when stopped during any interruption of the normal electrical supply, could create hazards or hamper rescue or firefighting operations.
Informational Note No. 5: Legally required standby systems are considered level one systems when failure to perfonn could result in loss of human life or serious injuries and level two systems when failure of legally required standby systems to perform is less critical to human life and safety when applying NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emergemuy Standby Power Systems.
701.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned
transfer switches shall not be permitted.
701.3 Commissioning and Maintenance.
(A) Commissioning Witness Test. The authority having juris- diction shall conduct or witness the commissioning of the complete system upon installation.
(B) Tested Periodically. Systems shall be tested periodically-on a schedule and in a manner approved by the authority having jurisdiction to ensure the systems are maintained in proper operating condition.
(C) Maintenance. Legally required standby system equipment shall be maintained in accordance with manufacturer instruc- tions and industry standards.
(D) Written Record. A written record shall be kept on such tests and maintenance.
(E) Testing Under Load. Means for testing legally required standby systems under load shall be provided.
Informational Note: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for information on testing and mainte- nance of emergency power supply systems (EPSSs).
701.4 Capacity and Rating.
(A) Rating. Legally required standby system equipment shall be suitable for the available fault current at its terminals.
(B) Capacity. A legally required standby system shall have adequate capacity in accordance with Parts I through IV of Arti- cle 220 or by another approved method. The system capacity shall be sufficient for the rapid load changes and transient power and energy requirements associated with any expected loads.
(C) Load Management. The alternate power source shall be permitted to supply legally required standby and optional standby system loads where the alternate source has adequate capacity or where load management (that includes automatic
selective load pickup and load shedding)is provided that will ensure adequate power to the legally required standby circuits.
(D) Parallel Operation. Parallel operation shall comply with Part I or Part II of Article 705 where the legally required source capacity required to supply the legally required load is main- tained at all times. Parallel operation of the legally required source(s) shall consist of the sources specified in 701.4(D) (1) and (D) (2).
(1) Normal Source. The alternate power source shall be permitted to operate in parallel with the normal source in compliance with Part I or Part II of Article 705 where the capacity required to supply the legally required standby load is maintained at all times. Any operating condition that results in less than the required source capacity shall initiate a legally required standby source malfunction signal in 701.6(A).
Parallel operation shall be permitted for satisfying the test requirements of 701.3(B), provided all other conditions of 701.3 arc met.
Informational Note: Peak load shaving is one application for parallel source operation.
(2) Alternate Source. Legally required standby sources shall be permitted to operate in parallel where the necessary equip- ment to establish and maintain a synchronous condition is provided.
701.5 Transfer Equipment.
(A) General. Transfer equipment shall be automatic, listed, and marked for emergency system or legally required standby usc. Transfer equipment shall be designed and installed to prevent the inadvertent interconnection of normal and alter- nate sources of supply in any operation of the transfer equip- ment. Transfer equipment and electric power production systems installed to permit operation in parallel with the normal source shall meet the requirements of Article 705. Meter-mounted transfer switches shall not be permitted for legally required system usc.
(B) Bypass Isolation Switches. Mcans to bypass and isolate the transfer switch equipment shall be permitted. Where bypass isolation switches are used, inadvertent parallel operation shall be avoided.
(C) Automatic Transfer Switches. Automatic transfer switches shall be electrically operated and mechanically held.
(D) Documentation. The short-circuit current rating of the transfer equipment, based on the specific overcurrent protec- tive device type and settings protecting the transfer equipment, shall be field marked on the exterior of the transfer equip- ment.
701.6 Signals. Audible and visual signal devices shall be provi- ded, where practicable, for the purposes described in 701.6(A), (B), (C), and (D).
(A) Malfunction. Malfunction signals indicate a malfunction of the standby source.
(B) Carrying Load. Load carrying signals indicate that the standby source is carrying load.
(C) Battery Charging Malfunction. Battery charging malfunc- tion signals indicate charging malfunction on a battery
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-633
701.6
ARTICLE 701 - LEGALLY REQUIRED STANDBY SYSTEMS
required for source readiness, including the prime mover start- ing battery.
Informational Note: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for signals for generator sets.
(D) Ground Fault. Ground-fault signals indicate a ground fault in solidly grounded wyc, legally required standby systems of more than 150 volts to ground and circuit-protective devices rated 1000 amperes or more. The sensor for the ground-fault signal devices shall be located at, or ahead of, the main system disconnecting means for the legally required standby source, and the maximum setting of the signal devices shall be for a ground-fault current of 1200 amperes. Instructions on the course of action to be taken in the event of an indicated ground fault shall be located at or near the sensor location.
For systems with multiple emergency sources connected to a paralleling bus, the ground-fault sensor shall be permitted at an alternate location.
Informational Note: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for signals for generator sets.
701.7 Sigas.
(A) Mandated Standby. A sign shall be placed at the service entrance indicating type and location of cach on-site legally required standby power source.
Exception: A sign shall not be required for individual unit equipment as specified in 701.12(1).
(B) Grounding. Where removal of a grounding or bonding connection in normal power source equipment interrupts the grounding electrode conductor connection to the alternate power source(s) grounded conductor, a warning sign shall be installed at the normal power source equipment stating:
WARNING
SHOCK HAZARD EXISTS IF GROUNDING ELECTRODE CONDUCTOR OR BONDING JUMPER CONNECTION IN THIS EQUIPMENT IS REMOVED WHILE ALTERNATE SOURCE(S) IS ENERGIZED.
The warning sign (s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
Part II. Circuit Wiring
701.10 Wiring Legally Required Standby Systems.
(A) General. The legally required standby system wiring shall be permitted to occupy the same raceways, cables, boxes, and cabinets with other general wiring.
(B) Wiring. Wiring from a legally required source to supply legally required and other (nonlegally required) loads shall be in accordance with the following:
(1) The common bus of switchgear, sections of a switchboard, or individual enclosures shall be either of the following:
a. Supplied by single or multiple feeders without over- current protection at the source
b. Supplied by single or multiple feeders with overcur- rent protection, provided that the overcurrent protec- tion that is common to a legally required system and any nonlegally required system(s) is selectively coordi- nated with the next downstream overcurrent protec- tive device in the nonlegally required system(s)
Informational Note: See Informational Note Figure 701.10(B) (1) and Infonnational Note Figure 701.10(B)(2) for further information.
Part III. Sources of Power
701.12 General Requirements. Current supply shall be such that, in the event of failure of the normal supply to, or within, the building or group of buildings concerned, legally required standby power will be available within the time required for the application but not to exceed 60 seconds. The supply system for legally required standby purposes, in addition to the normal services to the building, shall be permitted to comprise one or more of the types of systems described in 701.12(A) through (I). Unit equipment in accordance with 701.12(I) shall satisfy the applicable requirements of this article.
(A) Power Source Considerations. In selecting a legally required standby source of power, consideration shall be given to the type of service to be rendered, whether of short-time duration or long duration.
(B) Equipment Design and Location. Consideration shall be given to the location or design, or both, of all equipment to minimize the hazards that might cause complete failure due to floods, fires, icing, and vandalism.
Legally required standby source
Common bus
)
)
Legally required standby
Optional standby (other loads)
Informational Note Figure 701.10(B)(1) Single or Multiple Feeders Without Overcurrent Protection.
Legally required standby source
1 Common OCPD
)
)
Legally required standby
Optional standby (other loads)
Single or Multiple
Informational Note Figure 701.10(B)(2) Feeders with Overcurrent Protection.
70-634
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
701.12
ARTICLE 701 - LEGALLY REQUIRED STANDBY SYSTEMS
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE 493-2007, Recommended Practice for the Design of Reliable Industrial and Commercial Power Systems, for further information.
(C) Supply Duration. The alternate power source shall be of suitable rating and capacity to supply and maintain the total load for the duration determined by the system design. In no case shall the duration be less than 2 hours of system opera- tion. Additionally, the power source shall comply with 701.12(C) (1) through (C) (5) as applicable.
Informational Note: See NFPA 110-2022, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for information on classification of emergency power supply systems (EPSS).
(1) On-Site Fuel Supply. An on-site fuel supply shall be provi- ded, sufficient for not less than 2 hours operation of the system.
(2) Fuel Transfer Pumps. Where power is needed for the operation of the fuel transfer pumps to deliver fuel to the source, these pumps shall be connected to the legally required standby power system.
(3) Public Gas System, Municipal Water Supply. Sources shall not be solely dependent on a public utility gas system for their fucl supply or on a municipal water supply for their cooling systems.
Exception: Where approved by the authority having jurisdiction, the use of other than on-site fuels shall be permitted where there is a low proba- bility of a simultaneous failure of both the off-site fuel delivery system and power from the outside electrical utility company. Where a public gas system is approved, the requirements of 701.12(C)(1) shall not apply.
(4) Storage Batteries and UPS. Storage batteries and UPS used to supply standby illumination shall be of suitable rating and capacity to supply and maintain the total load for a mini- mum period of 11/2 hours, without the voltage applied to the load falling below 871/2 percent of nominal voltage. Automotive- type batteries shall not be used. An automatic battery charging mcans shall be provided.
(5) Automatic Fuel Source Transfer. Where dual fuel sources are used, means shall be provided for automatically transfer- ring from one fuel source to another.
(D) Generator Set.
(1) Prime Mover-Driven. For a generator set driven by a prime mover approved by the authority having jurisdiction and sized in accordance with 701.4, means shall be provided for automat- ically starting the prime mover upon failure of the normal power source and for automatic transfer and operation of all required electrical circuits. A time delay feature permitting a 15-minute setting shall be provided to avoid retransfer in case of short-time reestablishment of the normal source.
(2) Battery Power. Where a storage battery is used for control or signal power or as the means of starting the prime mover, it shall be suitable for the purpose and shall be equipped with an automatic charging means independent of the generator set.
(3) Outdoor Generator Sets. If an outdoor-housed generator set is equipped with a readily accessible disconnecting means in accordance with 445.18, and the disconnecting means is loca- ted within sight of the building or structure supplied, an addi- tional disconnecting means shall not be required where ungrounded conductors serve or pass through the building or
structure. Where the generator supply conductors terminate at a disconnecting means in or on a building or structure, the disconnecting means shall meet the requirements of 225.36.
(E) Stored-Energy Power Supply Systems (SEPSS). Stored energy power supply systems shall comply with 701.12(E) (1) and (E) (2).
(1) Types. Systems shall consist of one or more of the follow- ing system types:
a. Uninterruptible power supply (UPS)
Informational Note: See UL 1778, Uninterruptable Power Systems, and UL 924, Emergency Lighting and Power Equipment, for further information.
b. Fuel cell system
c. Energy storage system (ESS)
d. Storage battery
c. Other approved equivalent stored energy sources that comply with 701.12
(2) Fire Protection, Suppression, Ventilation, and Separation. The systems in 701.12(E) (1) shall be installed with the fire protection, suppression, ventilation, and separation require- ments specified. in the manufacturer's instructions or cquip- ment listing.
Informational Note: See NFPA 853-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion . of Stationary Fuel Cell Power Systems, and NFPA 855-2020, Standard for the Installation of Stationary Energy Storage Systems, for additional infonnation on fire protection installation require- ments.
(F) Separate Service. Where approved, by the authority having jurisdiction as suitable for use as a legally required source of power, an additional service shall be permitted. This service shall be in accordance with Article 230 and the follow- ing additional requirements:
(1) Separate overhead service conductors, service drops, underground service conductors, or service laterals shall be installed.
(2) The service conductors for the separate service shall be installed sufficiently remote electrically and physically from any other service conductors to minimize the possi- bility of simultancous interruption of supply.
(G) Connection Ahead of Service Disconnecting Means. Where approved by the authority having jurisdiction, connec- tions located ahead of and not within the same cabinet, enclo- sure, vertical switchgear section, or vertical switchboard section as the service disconnecting means shall be permitted. The legally required standby service shall be sufficiently separated from the normal main service disconnecting means to mini- mize simultancous interruption of supply through an occur- rence within the building or groups of buildings served.
Informational Note: See 230.82 for equipment permitted on the supply side of a service disconnecting means.
(H) Microgrid Systems. On-site sources, designated as legally required standby sources, shall be permitted to be connected to a microgrid system.
The system shall isolate the legally required standby system from all nonlegally required loads when the normal electric supply is interrupted or shall meet the requirements of 701.4(C). Interruption or partial or complete failure of the normal source (s) shall not impact the availability, capacity, and
2023Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-635
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 702 -OPTIONAL STANDBY SYSTEMS
701.12
duration provided by the designated legally required standby sources.
The designated stored-energy legally required standby power source(s) of a microgrid system shall be permitted to remain interconnected to any available power production source during operation of the legally required standby source (s) where the lack of, or failure of, the interconnected power production source(s), or related controls, does not impact system operation. Interconnected power production sources, other than the designated SEPSS, shall not be required to mect the requirements of this article.
(I) Battery-Equipped Emergency Luminaires, Used for Legally Required Standby Systems. Battery-cquipped emergency luminaires used for legally required standby systems shall comply with 701.12(H).
Part IV. Overcurrent Protection
701.30 Accessibility. The branch-circuit overcurrent devices in legally required standby circuits shall be accessible to author- ized persons only.
701.31 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment. The alternate source for legally required standby systems shall not be required to provide ground-fault protection of equipment with automatic disconnecting means. Ground-fault indication at the legally required standby source shall be provided in accordance with 701.6(D) if ground-fault protection of equipment with automatic disconnecting means is not provided.
701.32 Selective Coordination.
(A) General. Legally required standby system(s) overcurrent protective devices (OCPDs shall be selectively coordinated with all supply-side and load-side OCPDs.
Selective coordination shall be selected by a licensed profes- sional engineer or other qualified persons engaged primarily in the design, installation, or maintenance of electrical systems. The selection shall be documented and made available to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, and operate the system.
(B) Replacements. Where legally required standby OCPDs arc replaced, they shall be reevaluated to ensure selective coordina- tion is maintained with all supply-side and load-side OCPDs.
(C) Modifications. If modifications, additions, or deletions to the legally required standby system(s) occur, selective coordina- tion of the legally required system(s) OCPDs with all supply- side and load-side OCPDs shall be reevaluated.
Exception: Selective coordination shall not be required between two over- current devices located in series if no loads are connected in parallel with the downstream device.
Informational Note: See Infonnational Note Figure 701.32(C) for an example of how legally required standby system OCPDs selectively coordinate with all supply-side OCPDs. OCPD D selectively coordinates with OCPDs C, F, E, B, and A. OCPD C selectively coordinates with OCPDs F, E, B, and A. OCPDF selectively coordinates with OCPD E.
OCPD B is not required to selectively coordinate with OCPD A because OCPD B is not a legally required standby system OCPD.
Normal Source
Emergency Source
G
A
E
1
1
B
F
c
D
Informational Note Figure 701.32(C) Legally Required Standby System Selective Coordination.
ARTICLE 702 Optional Standby Systems
Part I. General
702.1 Scope. This article applies to the installation and opera- tion of optional standby systems.
The systems covered by this article consist of those that are permanently installed in their entirety, including prime movers, and those that are arranged for a connection to a premises wiring system from a portable alternate power supply.
Informational Note: Optional standby systems are typically installed to provide an alternate source of electric power for such facilities as industrial and commercial buildings, farms, and residences and to serve loads such as heating and refrigeration systems, data processing and communications systems, and industrial processes that, when stopped during any power outage, could cause discomfort, serious interruption of the proc- ess, damage to the product or process, or the like.
702.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned transfer switches shall not be permitted.
70-636
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. Toreport unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
702.12
ARTICLE 702 -OPTIONAL STANDBY SYSTEMS
702.4 Capacity and Rating.
(A) System Capacity.
(1) Manual and Nonautomatic Load Connection. If the connection of load is manual or nonautomatic, an optional standby system shall have adequate capacity and rating for the supply of all cquipment intended to be operated at one time. The user of the optional standby system shall be permitted to select the load connected to the system.
Informational Note: Manual and nonautomatic transfer equip- ment require human intervention.
(2) Automatic Load Connection. If the connection of load is automatic, an optional standby system shall comply with 702.4(A) (2)(a) or (B)(2)(b) in accordance with Parts I through IV of Article 220 or by another approved method.
(a) Full Load. The standby source shall be capable of supplying the full load that is automatically connected.
(b) Energy Management System (EMS). Where a system is employed in accordance with 750.30 that will automatically manage the connected load, the standby source shall have a capacity sufficient to supply the maximum load that will be connected by the EMS.
702.5 Interconnection or Transfer Equipment.
(A) General. Interconnection or transfer equipment shall be required for all standby systems subject to the requirements of this article. Equipment shall be suitable for the intended usc and shall be listed, designed, and installed so as to prevent the inadvertent interconnection of all sources of supply in any operation of the equipment.
Exception: Temporary connection of a portable generator without trans- fer equipment shall be permitted where conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation and where the normal supply is physically isolated by a lorkable discon- nerting means or by disconnection of the normal supply conductors.
(B) Meter-Mounted Transfer Switches. Transfer switches installed between the utility meter and the meter enclosure shall be listed meter-mounted transfer switches and shall be approved.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 1008M, Transfer Switch Equip- ment, Meter Mounted, for more information.
Informational Note No. 2: Manual and nonautomatic transfer equipment use human intervention.
(C) Documentation. In other than dwelling units, the short- circuit current rating of the transfer equipment, based on the specific overcurrent protective device type and settings protect- ing the transfer equipment, shall be field marked on the exte- rior of the transfer equipment.
(D) Parallel Installation. Systems installed to permit operation in parallel with the normal source shall also meet Part I or Part II of Article 705.
702.6 Signals. Audible and visual signal devices shall be provi- ded, where practicable, for the following purposes specified in 702.6(A) and (B).
(A) Malfunction. To indicate malfunction of the optional standby source.
(B) Carrying Load. To indicate that the optional standby source is carrying load.
Exception: Signals shall not be required for portable standby power sources.
702.7 Signs.
(A) Standby. A sign shall be placed at the service equipment for other than one- and two-family dwellings that indicates the type and location of cach on-site optional standby power source. For one- and two-family dwelling units, a sign shall be placed at the disconnecting means required in 230.85 that indi- cates the location of cach permanently installed on-site optional standby power source disconnect or means to shut down the prime mover as required in 445.19(C).
(B) Grounding. Where removal of a grounding or bonding connection in normal power source equipment interrupts the grounding electrode conductor connection to the alternate power source(s) grounded conductor, a warning sign shall be installed at the normal power source equipment stating:
WARNING: SHOCK HAZARD EXISTS IF GROUNDING ELECTRODE CONDUCTOR OR BONDING JUMPER CONNECTION IN THIS EQUIPMENT IS REMOVED WHILE ALTERNATE SOURCE(S) IS ENERGIZED.
The warning sign (s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(C) Power Inlet. Where a power inlet is used for a temporary connection to a portable generator, a warning sign shall be placed near the inlet to indicate the type of derived system that the system is capable of based on the wiring of the transfer equipment. The sign shall display one of the following warn- ings:
WARNING: FOR CONNECTION OF A SEPARATELY DERIVED (BONDED NEUTRAL) SYSTEM ONLY or WARNING: FOR CONNECTION OF A NONSEPARATELY DERIVED (FLOATING NEUTRAL) SYSTEM ONLY
Part II. Wiring
702.10 Wiring Optional Standby Systems. The optional standby system wiring shall be permitted to occupy the same raceways, cables, boxes, and cabinets with other general wiring.
702.11 Portable Generator Grounding.
(A) Separately Derived System. Where a portable optional standby source is used as a separately derived system, it shall be grounded to a grounding electrode in accordance with 250.30.
(B) Nonseparately Derived System. Where a portable optional standby source is used as a nonseparately derived system, the equipment grounding conductor shall be bonded to the system grounding electrode.
702.12 Outdoor Generator Sets.
(A) Portable Generators Greater Than 15 kW and Permanently Installed Generators. Where an outdoor housed generator set is equipped with a readily accessible disconnecting means in accordance with 445.18, and the disconnecting means is loca- ted within sight of the building or structure supplied, an addi- tional disconnecting means shall not be required where ungrounded conductors serve or pass through the building or
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-637
702.12
ARTICLE 705 - INTERCONNECTED ELECTRIC POWER PRODUCTION SOURCES
structure. Where the generator supply conductors terminate at a disconnecting means in or on a building or structure, the disconnecting means shall meet the requirements of 225.36.
(B) Portable Generators 15 kW or Less. Where a portable generator, rated 15 kW or less, is installed using a flanged inlet or other cord-and-plug-type connection, a disconnecting means shall not be required where ungrounded conductors serve or pass through a building or structure. The flanged inlet or other cord-and-plug-type connection shall be located outside of a building or structurc.
(C) Power Inlets Rated at 100 Amperes or Greater, for Porta- ble Generators. Equipment containing power inlets for the connection of a generator source shall be listed for the inten- ded usc. Systems with power inlets not rated as a disconnecting means shall be equipped with an interlocked disconnecting mcans.
Exception: Supervised industrial installations where permanent space is identified for the portable generator located within line of sight of the power inlets shall not be required to have interlocked disconnecting means nor inlets rated as disconnects.
ARTICLE 705 Interconnected Electric Power Production Sources
Part I. General
705.1 Scope. This article covers installation of one or more electric power production sources operating in parallel with a primary source (s) of electricity.
Informational Note No. 1: Examples of the types of primary sources include a utility supply or an on-site electric power source(s).
Informational Note No. 2: See Informational Note Figure 705.1.
705.5 Parallel Operation.
(A) Output Compatibility. Power production sources operat- ing in parallel with a primary source of electricity or other power production sources shall have compatible voltage, wave shape, and frequency ratings.
(B) Synchronous Generators. Synchronous generators operat- ing in parallel with a primary power source shall be installed with the required synchronizing equipment.
Informational Note: See IEEE 1547, Standard for Interconnection and Interoperability of Distributed Energy Resources with Associated Electric Power Systems Interfaces, and UL 1741, Standard for Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interconnection System Equipment for Use with Distributed Energy Resources, for utility interconnection.
705.6 Equipment Approval. Interconnection and interactive equipment intended to connect to or operate in parallel with power production sources shall be listed for the required inter- active function or be evaluated for the interactive function and have a field label applied, or both.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 1741, Standard for Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interconnection System Equipment for Use
Source disconnect
Power source
Source disconnect
Multimode inverter
Primary source
>ac loads
dc loads
Inverter output circuit
Energy storage system disconnect
Microgrid interconnect device
Energy storage system
DC interconnected example
Power source
Interactive inverter
Inverter output circuit
Source disconnect
2
Multimode inverter
> ac loads
Energy storage
2
Interactive inverter
Primary source
Power source
Microgrid interconnect device
Source disconnect
AC interconnected example
Notes:
(1) These diagrams are intended to be a means of identification for power source components, circuits, and connections.
(2) The power source disconnect in these diagrams separates the power source from other systems.
(3) Equipment disconnecting means not shown.
(4) System grounding and equipment grounding are not shown.
(5) Custom designs occur in each configuration, and some components are optional.
Informational Note Figure 705.1 Identification of Power Source Components in Common Configurations
with Distributed Energy Resources, for evaluating interconnected equipment. Sources identified as stand-alone, interactive, or multimode are specifically identified and certified to operate in these operational modes. Stand-alone sources operate in island mode, interactive sources operate in interactive mode, and multimode sources operate in either island mode or interactive mode. Stand-alone sources are not evaluated for interactive capabilities.
Informational Note No. 2: An interactive function is common in equipment such as microgrid interconnect devices, power control systems, interactive inverters, synchronous engine gener- ators, ac energy storage systems, and ac wind turbines.
705.8 System Installation. Installation of one or more electri- cal power production sources operating in parallel with a primary source(s) of electricity shall be performed only by qualified persons.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of Quali- fied Person.
705.10 Identification of Power Sources. Permanent plaques, labels, or directories shall be installed at cach service equip-
70-638
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
705.12
ARTICLE 705 -INTERCONNECTED ELECTRIC POWER PRODUCTION SOURCES
ment location, or at an approved readily visible location in accordance with the following:
(1) Denote the location of cach power source disconnecting means for the building or structure.
Exception: Installations with multiple colocated power production sour- ces shall be permitted to be identified as a group(s). The plaque, label, or directory shall not be required to identify each power source individu- ally.
(2) Indicate the emergency telephone numbers of any off-site entities servicing the power source systems.
Informational Note: See NFPA 1-2021, Fire Code, 11.12.2.1.5 for installer information.
(3) Be marked with the wording "CAUTION: MULTIPLE SOURCES OF POWER." The marking shall comply with 110.21 (B).
705.11 Source Connections to a Service.
(A) Service Connections. An electric power production source shall be permitted to be connected to a service by one of the following methods:
(1) To a new service in accordance with 230.2(A)
(2) To the supply side of the service disconnecting means in accordance with 230.82(6)
(3) To an additional set of service entrance conductors in accordance with 230.40, Exception No. 5
These connections shall comply with 705.11 (B) through (F).
(B) Conductors. Service conductors connected to power production sources shall comply with the following:
(1) The ampacity of the service conductors connected to the power production source service disconnecting means shall not be less than the sum of the power production source maximum circuit current in 705.28(A).
(2) The service conductors connected to the power produc- tion source service disconnecting means shall be sized in accordance with 705.28 and not be smaller than 6 AWG copper or 4 AWG aluminum or copper-clad aluminum.
(3) The ampacity of any other service conductors to which the power production sources are connected shall not be less than that required in 705.11 (B).
(C) Connections. Connections to service conductors or equip- ment shall comply with 705.11(C) (1) through (C) (3).
(1) Splices or Taps. Service conductorsplices and taps shall be made in accordance with 230.33 or 230.46 and comply with all applicable enclosure fill requirements.
(2) Existing Equipment. Any modifications to existing cquip- ment shall be made in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions, or the modification must be field evaluated for the application and be field labeled.
(3) Utility-Controlled Equipment. For meter socket enclosures or other equipment under the exclusive control of the electric utility, only connections approved by the electric utility shall be permitted.
(D) Service Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting means in accordance with Parts VI through VII of Article 230 shall be provided to disconnect all ungrounded conductors of a power production source from the conductors of other systems.
(E) Bonding and Grounding. All mctal enclosures, metal wiring methods, and metal parts associated with the service connected to a power production source shall be bonded in accordance with Parts II through V and VIII of Article 250.
(F) Overcurrent Protection. The power production source service conductors shall be protected from overcurrent in accordance with Part VII of Article 230. The rating of the over- current protection device of the power production source serv- ice disconnecting means shall be used to determine if ground- fault protection of equipment is required in accordance with 230.95.
705.12 Load-Side Source Connections. The output of an inter- connected electric power source shall be permitted to be connected to the load side of the service disconnecting means of the other source(s) at any distribution equipment on the premises. Where distribution equipment or feeders are fed simultaneously by a primary source of electricity and one or more other power source(s), the feeders or distribution equip- ment shall comply with relevant sections of 705.12(A) and (B). Currents from power source connections to feeders or busbars shall be based on the maximum circuit currents calculated in 705.28(A). The ampacity of feeders and taps shall comply with 705.12(A), and the ampere ratings of busbars shall comply with 705.12(B).
(A) Feeders and Feeder Taps. Where the power source output connection is made to a feeder, the following shall apply:
(1) The feeder ampacity is greater than or equal to 125 percent of the power-source output circuit current.
(2) Where the power-source output connection is made at a location other than the opposite end of the feeder from the primary source overcurrent device, that portion of the feeder on the load side of the power source output connection shall be protected by one of the following:
a. The feeder ampacity shall be not less than the sum of the rating of the primary source overcurrent device and 125 percent of the power-source output circuit current.
b. An overcurrent device at the load side of the power source connection point shall be rated not greater than the ampacity of the feeder.
(3) For taps sized in accordance with 240.21 (B) (2) or (B) (4), the ampacity of taps conductors shall not be less than one-third of the sum of the rating of the overcurrent device protecting the feeder plus the ratings of any power source overcurrent devices connected to the feeder.
(B) Busbars. For power source connections to distribution equipment with no specific listing and instructions for combin- ing multiple sources, one of the following methods shall be used to determine the required ampere ratings of busbars:
(1) The sum of 125 percent of the power source(s) output circuit current and the rating of the overcurrent device protecting the busbar shall not exceed the busbar ampere rating.
Informational Note: This general rule assuines no limitation in the number of the loads or sources applied to busbars or their locations.
(2) Where two sources, one a primary power source and the other another power source, are located at opposite ends of a busbar that contains loads, the sum of 125 percent of the power-source(s) output circuit current and the rating
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-639
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
705.13
ARTICLE 705 - INTERCONNECTED ELECTRIC POWER PRODUCTION SOURCES
of the overcurrent device protecting the busbar shall not exceed 120 percent of the busbar ampere rating. The busbar shall be sized for the loads connected in accord- ance with Article 220. A permanent warning label shall be applied to the distribution equipment adjacent to the back-fed breaker from the power source that displays the following or equivalent wording:
WARNING: POWER SOURCE OUTPUT DO NOT RELOCATE THIS OVERCURRENT DEVICE.
The warning sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(3) The sum of the ampere ratings of all overcurrent devices on panelboards, both load and supply devices, excluding the rating of the overcurrent device protecting the busbar, shall not exceed the ampacity of the busbar. The rating of the overcurrent device protecting the busbar shall not exceed the rating of the busbar. Permanent warning labels shall be applied to distribution equipment displaying the following or equivalent wording:
WARNING: EQUIPMENT FED BY MULTIPLE SOURCES. TOTAL RATING OF ALL OVERCURRENT DEVICES EXCLUD- ING MAIN SUPPLY OVERCURRENT DEVICE SHALL NOTEXCEED AMPACITY OF BUSBAR.
The warning sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(4) A connection at either end of a center-fed panelboard in dwellings shall be permitted where the sum of 125 percent of the power-source(s) output circuit current and the rating of the overcurrent device protecting the busbar does not exceed 120 percent of the busbar ampere rating.
(5) Connections shall be permitted on busbars of panel- boards that supply lugs connected to feed-through conductors or are supplied by feed-through conductors. The feed-through conductors shall be sized in accord- ance with 705.12(A). Where an overcurrent device is installed at cither end of the feed-through conductors, panelboard busbars on cither side of the feed-through conductors shall be permitted to be sized in accordance with 705.12(B) (1) through (B) (3).
(6) Connections shall be permitted on switchgear, switch- boards, and panelboards in configurations other than those permitted in 705.12(B) (1) through (B) (5) where designed under engineering supervision that includes available fault-current and busbar load calculations.
Infonnational Note: Specifically designed equipment exists, listed to UL 1741, Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interronner- tion System Equipment for Use With Distributed Energy Resources, for the combination and distribution of sources to supply loads. The options provided in 705.12(B) are for equipment with no specific listing for combining sources.
705.13 Energy Management Systems (EMS). An EMS in accordance with 750.30 shall be permitted to limit current and loading on the busbars and conductors supplied by the output of one or more interconnected electric power production or energy storage sources.
Infonnational Note: A listed power control system (PCS) is a type of EMS that is capable of monitoring multiple power sour- ces and controlling the current on busbars and conductors to
prevent overloading. See UL 1741, Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interconnection System Equipment for Use with Distributed Energy Resources, and UL 916, Energy Management Equipment, for infor- mation on PCS and EMS.
705.20 Source Disconnecting Means. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect power source output conductors of electric power production equipment from conductors of other systems. A single disconnecting means shall be permitted to disconnect multiple power sources from conductors of other systems.
Infonnational Note: See 480.7, Part II of Article 445, Part III of Article 690, Part IIIof Article 692, Part IIIof Article 694, and Part II of Article 706 for specific source disconnecting means requirements.
The disconnecting means shall comply with the following:
(1) Be one of the following types:
a. A manually operable switch or circuit breaker
b. A load-break-rated pull-out switch
c. A power-operated or remote-controlled switch or circuit breaker that is manually operable locally and opens automatically when control power is interrup- ted
d. A device listed or approved for the intended applica- tion
(2) Simultaneously disconnect all ungrounded conductors of the circuit
(3) Located where readily accessible
(4) Externally operable without exposed live parts
(5) Plainly indicate whether in the open (off) or closed (on) position
(6) Have ratings sufficient for the maximum circuit current, available fault current, and voltage that is available at the terminals
(7) Where the line and load terminals are capable of being energized in the open position, be marked with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING ELECTRIC SHOCK HAZARD TERMINALS ON THE LINE AND LOAD SIDES MAY BE ENERGIZED IN THE OPEN POSITION.
Infonnational Note: With interconnected power sources, some equipment, including switches and fuses, is capable of being energized from both directions.
705.25 Wiring Methods. Power source output conductors shall comply with 705.25(A) through (C).
(A) General. Wiring methods and fittings listed for use with power production systems shall be permitted in addition to general wiring methods and fittings permitted elsewhere in this Code.
(B) Flexible Cords and Cables. Flexible cords and cables, where used to connect the moving parts of power production equipment, or where used for ready removal for maintenance and repair, shall be listed and identified as DG cable, or other cable suitable for extra hard use, and shall be water resistant. Cables exposed to sunlight shall be sunlight resistant. Flexible, fine-stranded cables shall be terminated only with terminals, lugs, devices, or connectors in accordance with 110.14(A).
(C) Multiconductor Cable Assemblies. Multiconductor cable assemblies used in accordance with their listings shall be permitted.
70-640
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
705.40
ARTICLE 705 - INTERCONNECTED ELECTRIC POWER PRODUCTION SOURCES
Informational Note: See U'L 3003, Distributed Generation Cables, and UL 9703, Outline of Investigation for Distributed Generation Wiring Harnesses, for additional infonnation on DG cable (distributed generation cable) and harnesses. An ac module harness is one example of a multiconductor cable assembly.
705.28 Circuit Sizing and Current.
(A) Power Source Output Maximum Current. Where not else- where required or permitted in this Code, the maximum current for power sources shall be calculated using one of the following methods:
(1) The sum of the continuous output current ratings of the power production equipment at the circuit nominal system voltage
(2) For power production equipment controlled by an EMS, the current setpoint of the EMS
(3) Where sources controlled by an EMS are combined with other sources on the same power source output circuit, the sum of 705.28(A) (1) and (A) (2)
(B) Conductor Ampacity. Where not elsewhere required or permitted in this Code, the power source output conductors shall have an ampacity not less than the larger of the following and comply with 110.14(C):
(1) The maximum currents in 705.28(A) multiplied by 125 percent without adjustment or correction factors
Exception No. 1: If the assembly, including the overcurrent devices protecting the circuit, is listed for operation at 100 percent of its rating, the ampacity of the conductors shall be permitted to be not less than the calculated maximum current of 705.28(A).
Exception No. 2: Where a portion of a circuit is connected at both its supply and load ends to separately installed pressure connections as covered in 110.14(C)(2), it shall be permitted to have an ampacity not less than the calculated maximum current of 705.28(A). No portion of the circuit installed under this exception shall extend into an enclosure containing either the circuit supply or the circuit load terminations, as covered in 110.14(C)(1).
Exception No. 3: Grounded conductors that are not connected to an overcurrent device shall be permitted to be sized at 100 percent of the calculated maximum current of 705.28(A).
(2) The maximum currents in 705.28(A) after the applica- tion of adjustment and correction factors in accordance with 310.14
(3) Where connected to feeders, if smaller than the feeder conductors, the ampacity as calculated in 240.21 (B) based on the over-current device protecting the feeder
(C) Neutral Conductors. Neutral conductors shall be permit- ted to be sized in accordance with either 705.28(C) (1) or (C) (2).
(1) Single-Phase Line-to-Neutral Power Sources. Where not elsewhere required or permitted in this Code, the ampacity of a neutral conductor to which a single-phase line-to-neutral power source is connected shall not be smaller than the ampacity in 705.28(B).
(2) Neutral Conductor Used Solely for Instrumentation, Volt- age, Detection, or Phase Detection. A power production equip- ment neutral conductor used solely for instrumentation, voltage detection, or phase detection shall be permitted to be sized in accordance with 250.102.
705.30 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Circuit and Equipment. Power source output conductors and equipment shall be provided with overcurrent protection. Circuits connected to more than one electrical source shall have overcurrent devices located to provide overcurrent protec- tion from all sources.
(B) Overcurrent Device Ratings. The overcurrent devices in other than generator systems shall be sized to carry not less than 125 percent of the maximum currents as calculated in 705.28(A). The rating or setting of overcurrent devices shall be permitted in accordance with 240.4(B) and (C).
Exception: Circuits containing an assembly together with its overcurrent device(s) that is listed for continuous operation at 100 percent of its rating shall be permitted to be utilized at 100 percent of its rating.
(C) Marking. Equipment containing overcurrent devices supplied from interconnected power sources shall be marked to indicate the presence of all sources.
(D) Suitable for Backfeed. Fused disconnects, unless other- wisc marked, shall be considered suitable for backfeed. Circuit breakers not marked "line" and "load" shall be considered suit- able for backfeed. Circuit breakers marked "line" and "load" shall be considered suitable for backfeed or reverse current if specifically rated.
(E) Fastening. Listed plug-in-type circuit breakers backfed from electric power sources that are listed and identified as interactive shall be permitted to omit the additional fastener normally required by 408.36(D) for such applications.
(F) Transformers. The following apply to the installation of transformers:
(1) For the purpose of overcurrent protection, the primary side of transformers with sources on cach side shall be the side connected to the largest source of available fault current.
(2) Transformer secondary conductors shall be protected in accordance with 240.21 (C).
705.32 Ground-Fault Protection. Where ground-fault protec- tion of equipment is installed in ac circuits as required else- where in this Code, the output of interconnected power production equipment shall be connected to the supply side of the ground-fault protection equipment.
Exception: Connection of power production equipment shall be permit- ted to be made to the load side of ground-fault protection equipment where installed in accordance with 705.11 or where there is ground- fault protection for equipment from all ground-fault current sources.
705.40 Loss of Primary Source. The output of interactive elec- tric power production equipment shall be automatically discon- nected from all ungrounded conductors of the primary source when one or more of the phases of the primary source to which it is connected opens. The interactive electric power produc- tion equipment shall not be reconnected to the primary source until all the phases of the primary source to which it is connec- ted are restored. This requirement shall not be applicable to electric power production equipment providing power to an emergency or legally required standby system.
Exception: A listed interactive inverter shall trip or shall be permitted to automatically cease exporting power when one or more of the phases of the interconnected primary source opens and shall not be required to automatically disconnect all ungrounded conductors from the primary
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-641
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
705.45
ARTICLE 705 - INTERCONNECTED ELECTRIC POWER PRODUCTION SOURCES
source. A listed interactive inverter shall be permitted to automatically or manually resume exporting power to the interconnected system once all phases of the source to which it is connected are restored.
Informational Note No. 1: Risks to personnel and equipment associated with the primary source could occur if an interactive electric power production source can operate as an intentional island. Special detection methods are required to deternine that a primary source supply system outage has occurred and whether there should be automatic disconnection. When the primary source supply system is restored, special detection meth- ods are typically required to limit exposure of power production sources to out-of-phase reconnection.
Informational Note No. 2: Induction-generating equipment connected on systems with significant capacitance can become self-excited upon loss of the primary source and experience severe overvoltage as a result.
Interactive power production equipment shall be permitted to operate in island mode to supply loads that have been disconnected from the electric utility or other electric power production and distribution network.
705.45 Unbalanced Interconnections.
(A) Single Phase. Single-phase power sources in interactive systems shall be connected to 3-phase power systems in order to limit unbalanced voltages at the point of interconnection to not more than 3 percent.
Informational Note: For interactive power sources, unbalanced voltages can be minimized by the same methods that are used for single-phase loads on a 3-phase power system. See ANSI/ C84.1-2016, Electric Power Systems and Equipment - Voltage Ratings (60 Hertz).
(B) Three Phase. Three-phase power sources in interactive systems shall have all phases automatically de-energized upon loss of, or unbalanced, voltage in one or more phases unless the interconnected system is designed so that significant unbal- anced voltages will not result.
Part II. Microgrid Systems
705.50 System Operation. Interconnected microgrid systems shall be capable of operating in interactive mode with a primary source of power, or electric utility, or other electric power production and distribution network. Microgrid systems shall be permitted to disconnect from other sources and oper- ate in island modc.
Informational Note No. 1: Microgrid systems often include a single source or a compatible interconnection of multiple sour- ces such as engine generators, solar PV, wind, or ESS.
Informational Note No. 2: See Article 517 for health care facili- ties incorporating microgrids.
705.60 Primary Power Source Connection. Connections to primary power sources that are external to the microgrid system shall comply with the requirements of 705.11, 705.12, or 705.13. Power source conductors connecting to a microgrid system, including conductors supplying distribution cquip- ment, shall be considered as power source output conductors.
705.65 Reconnection to Primary Power Source. Microgrid systems that reconnect to primary power sources shall be provi- ded with the necessary equipment to establish a synchronous transition.
705.70 Microgrid Interconnect Devices (MID). Microgrid interconnect devices shall comply with the following:
(1) Be required for any connection between a microgrid system and a primary power source
(2) Be evaluated for the application and have a field label applied or be listed for the application
(3) Have overcurrent devices located to provide overcurrent protection from all sources
Informational Note: MID functionality is often incorporated in an interactive or multimode inverter, energy storage system, or similar device identified for interactive operation.
705.76 Microgrid Control System (MCS). Microgrid control systems shall comply with the following:
(1) Coordinate interaction between multiple power sources of similar or different types, manufacturers, and technol- ogics (including cnergy storage)
(2) Be evaluated for the application and have a field label applied, or be listed, or be designed under engineering supervision
(3) Monitor, and control microgrid power production and power quality
(4) Monitor and control transitions with a primary source external to the microgrid
Informational Note: MID functionality is often incorporated in an interactive or multimode inverter, energy storage system, or similar device identified for interactive operation.
Part III. Interconnected Systems Operating in Island Mode
705.80 Power Source Capacity. For interconnected power production sources that operate in island mode, capacity shall be calculated using the sum of all power source output maxi- mum currents for the connected power production source.
705.81 Voltage and Frequency Control. Power sources operat- ing in island mode shall be controlled so that voltage and frequency are supplied within limits compatible with the connected load.s.
705.82 Single 120-Volt Supply. Systems operating in island mode shall be permitted to supply 120 volts to single-phase, 3- wirc, 120/240-volt distribution equipment where there are no 240-volt outlets and where there are no multiwire branch circuits. In all installations, the sum of the ratings of the power sources shall be less than the rating of the neutral bus in the distribution equipment. This equipment shall be marked with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING: SINGLE 120-VOLT SUPPLY DO NOT CONNECT MULTIWIRE BRANCH CIRCUITS
The warning sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
70-642
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL. CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
706.15
ARTICLE 706- ENERGY STORAGE SYSTEMS
ARTICLE 706 Energy Storage Systems
Part I. General
706.1 Scope. This article applies to all energy storage systems (ESS) having a capacity greater than 3.6 MJ (1 kWh) that may be stand-alone or interactive with other electric power produc- tion sources. These systems are primarily intended to store and provide energy during normal operating conditions.
Informational Note No. 1: See Article 480 for installations that meet the definition of stationary standby batteries.
Informational Note No. 2: For batteries rated in ampere hours, kWh is equal to the nominal rated voltage times ampere-hour rating divided by 1000.
Informational Note No. 3: The following standards are frequently referenced for the installation of ESSs:
(1) NFPA 1-2021, Fire Code
(2) NFPA 111-2019, Standard on Stored Electrical Energy Emer- guy and Standby Power Systems
(3) NECA 416-2016, Recommended Practice for Installing Energy Storage Systems (ESS)
(4) UL 810A, Electrochemical Capacitors
(5) NFPA 855-2020, Standard for the Installation of Stationary Energy Storage Systems
(6) UL 1973, Standard for Batteries for Use in Stationary, Vehicle Auxiliary Power, and Light Electric Rail (I.E.R) Applications
(7) UL 1989, Standard for Standby Batteries
(8) UL 9540, Standard for Safety Energy Storage Systems and Equipment
(9) U'L Subject 2436, Spill Containment For Stationary Lead Acid Battery Systems
706.3 Qualified Personnel. The installation and maintenance of ESS equipment and all associated wiring and interconnec- tions shall be performed only by qualified persons.
Informational Note: See Article 100 for the definition of quali- fied person.
706.4 System Requirements. Each ESS shall be provided with a nameplate plainly visible after installation and marked with the following:
(1) Manufacturer's name, trademark, or other descriptive marking by which the organization responsible for supplying the ESS can be identified
(2) Rated frequency
(3) Number of phases, if ac
(4) Rating (kW or kVA)
(5) Available fault current derived by the ESS at the output terminals
(6) Maximum output and input current of the ESS at the output terminals
(7) Maximum output and input voltage of the ESS at the output terminals
(8) Utility-interactive capability, if applicable
706.5 Listing. Energy storage systems shall be listed.
706.6 Multiple Systems. Multiple ESSs shall be permitted to be installed on the same premises.
706.7 Commissioning and Maintenance.
(A) Commissioning. ESSs shall be commissioned upon instal- lation. This shall not apply in one- and two-family dwellings.
Informational Note: See NFPA 855-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion of Stationary Energy Storage Systems, for information related to the commissioning of ESSs.
(B) Maintenance. ESSs shall be maintained in proper and safe operating condition. The required maintenance shall be in accordance with the manufacturer's requirements and industry standard.s. A written record of the system maintenance shall be kept and shall include records of repairs and replacements necessary to maintain the system in proper and safe operating condition. This shall not apply in one- and two-family dwell- ings.
Informational Note: See NFPA 70B-2019, Recommended Practice for Electrical Equipment Maintenance, or ANSI/NETA ATS-2017, Standard for Acceptance Testing Specifications for Electrical Power Equipment and Systems, for information related to general electri- cal equipment maintenance and developing an effective electri- cal preventive maintenance (EPM) program.
706.9 Maximum Voltage. The maximum voltage of an ESS shall be the rated ESS input and output voltage(s) indicated on the ESS nameplate (s) or system listing.
Part II. Disconnecting Means
706.15 Disconnecting Means.
(A) ESS Disconnecting Means. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect the ESS from all wiring systems, including other power systems, utilization equipment, and its associated prem- iscs wiring.
(B) Location and Control. The disconnecting means shall be readily accessible and shall comply with one or more of the following:
(1) Located within the ESS
(2) Located within sight and within 3 m (10 ft) from the ESS
(3) Where not located within sight of the ESS, the discon- necting means, or the enclosure providing access to the disconnecting means, shall be capable of being locked in accordance with 110.25
Where controls to activate the disconnecting means of an ESS are used and are not located within sight of the ESS, the disconnecting means shall be lockable in accordance with 110.25, and the location of the controls shall be marked on the disconnecting means.
For one- and two-family dwellings, an ESS shall include an emergency shutdown function to cease the export of power from the ESS to premises wiring of other systems. An initiation device(s) shall be located at a readily accessible location outside the building and shall plainly indicate whether in the "off" or "on" position. The "off" position of the device(s) shall perform the ESS emergency shutdown function.
(C) Notification and Marking. Each ESS disconnecting means shall plainly indicate whether it is in the open (off) or closed (on) position and be permanently marked as follows:
"ENERGY STORAGE SYSTEM DISCONNECT"
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-643
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
706.15
ARTICLE 706 - ENERGY STORAGE SYSTEMS
The disconnecting means shall be legibly marked in the field to indicate the following:
(1) Nominal ESS output voltage
(2) Available fault current derived from the ESS
(3) An arc-flash label applied in accordance with acceptable industry practice
(4) Date the calculation was performed
Exception: List items (2), (3), and (4) shall not apply to one- and two- family dwellings.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 70E-2018, Standard for Fler- triral Safety in the Workplace, for industry practices for equipment labeling. This standard provides specific criteria for developing arc-flash labels for equipment that provides nominal system volt- age, incident energy levels, arc-flash boundaries, minimum required levels of personal protective equipment, and so forth.
Informational Note No. 2: ESS electronics could include inver- ters or other types of power conversion equipment.
For ESS disconnecting means where the line and load termi- nals could be energized in the open position, the device shall be marked with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING ELECTRIC SHOCK HAZARD TERMINALS ON THE LINE AND LOAD SIDES MAY BE ENERGIZED IN THE OPEN POSITION
The notification(s) and marking(s) shall comply with 110.21(B).
(D) Partitions Between Components. Where circuits from the input or output terminals of energy storage components in an ESS pass through a wall, floor, or ceiling, a readily accessible disconnecting means shall be provided within sight of the energy storage component. Fused disconnecting means or circuit breakers shall be permitted to be used.
(E) Disconnecting Means for Batteries. In cases where the battery is separate from the ESS electronics and is subject to field servicing, 706.15(E) (1) through (E) (4) shall apply.
Informational Note: Batteries could include an. enclosure, battery monitoring and controls, or other related battery components.
(1) Disconnecting Means. A disconnecting means shall be provided for all ungrounded conductors. A disconnecting means shall be readily accessible and located within sight of the battery.
Informational Note: See 240.21 (H) for information on the loca- tion of the overcurrent device for battery conductors.
(2) Disconnection of Series Battery Circuits. Battery circuits exceeding 240 volts dc nominal between conductors or to ground shall have provisions to disconnect the series- connected strings into segments not exceeding 240 volts dc nominal for maintenance by qualified persons. Non-load-break bolted or plug-in disconnects shall be permitted.
(3) Remote Activation. Where a disconnecting means is provi- ded with remote controls to activate the disconnecting means and the controls for the disconnecting means are not located within sight of the battery, the disconnecting means shall be capable of being locked in the open position, in accordance with 110.25, and the location of the controls shall be field marked on the disconnecting means.
(4) Notification. The disconnecting means shall be legibly marked in the field. The marking shall be of sufficient durabil- ity to withstand the environment involved and shall include the following:
(1) Nominal battery voltage
(2) Available fault current derived from the stationary standby battery system
Informational Note No. 1: Battery equipment suppliers can provide information about available fault current on any partic- ular battery model.
(3) An arc-flash label in accordance with acceptable industry practice
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 70E .- 2021, Standard for Fler- trical Safety in the Workplace, for assistance in determining the severity of potential exposure, planning safe work practices, determining arc-flash labeling, and selecting personal protective equipment.
(4) Date the calculation was performed
706.16 Connection to Energy Sources. The connection of an ESS to sources of energy shall comply with 706.16(A) through (F).
(A) Source Disconnect. A disconnect that has multiple sources of power shall disconnect all energy sources when in the off position.
(B) Identified Interactive Equipment. ESS that operate in parallel with other ac sources shall use inverters that are listed and identified as interactive.
(C) Loss of Interactive System Power. Upon loss of a primary source of power, an ESS with a utility-interactive inverter shall comply with the requirements of 705.40.
(D) Unbalanced Interconnections. Unbalanced ac connec- tions between an ESS and other ac electric power production sources shall be in accordance with 705.45
(E) Other Energy Sources. The connection of an ESS to other energy sources shall be in accordance with 705.12.
(F) Stand-Alone Operation. Where the output of an ESS is capable of operating in stand-alone mode, the requirements of 710.15 shall apply.
Part III. Installation Requirements
706.20 General.
(A) Ventilation. Provisions appropriate to the energy storage technology shall be made for sufficient diffusion and ventila- tion of any possible gases from the storage device, if present, to prevent the accumulation of an explosive mixture. Ventilation of an ESS shall be permitted to be provided in accordance with the manufacturer's recommendations and listing for the system.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 855-2020, Standard for the Installation of Stationary Energy Storage Systems, for technology- specific guidance. Not all ESS technologies require ventilation.
Informational Note No. 2: See IEEE 1635-2018/ASHRAE Guide- line 21-2018, Guide for the Ventilation and Thermal Management of Batteries for Stationary Applications, as a source for design of venti- lation of batteries.
70-644
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
706.33
ARTICLE 706 - ENERGY STORAGE SYSTEMS
(B) Dwelling Units. An ESS for one- and two-family dwelling units shall not exceed 100 volts de between conductors or to ground.
Exception: Where live parts are not accessible during routine ESS main- tenance, a maximum ESS voltage of 600 volts de shall be permitted.
(C) Spaces About ESS Components.
(1) General. Working spaces for ESS shall comply with 110.26 and 110.34.
(2) Space Between Components. ESSs shall be permitted to have space between components in accordance with the manu- facturer's instructions and listing.
Informational Note: Additional space may be needed to accom- modate ESS hoisting equipment, tray removal, or spill contain- ment.
706.21 Directory (Identification of Power Sources). ESS shall be indicated by markings or labels that shall be in accordance with 110.21 (B).
(A) Facilities with Utility Services and ESS. Plaques or directo- rics shall be installed in accordance with 705.10.
(B) Facilities with Stand-Alone Systems. Plaques or directories shall be installed in accordance with 710.10.
Part IV. Circuit Requirements
706.30 Circuit Sizing and Current.
(A) Maximum Rated Current for a Specific Circuit. The maxi- mum current for the specific circuit shall be calculated in accordance with 706.30(A) (1) through (A) (5).
(1) Nameplate-Rated Circuit Current. Circuit current shall be the rated current indicated on the ESS nameplate(s) or system listing. Where the ESS has separate input (charge) and output (discharge) circuits or ratings, these shall be considered indi- vidually. Where the same terminals on the ESS are used for charging and discharging, the rated current shall be the greater of the two.
(2) Inverter Output Circuit Current. The maximum current shall be the inverter continuous output current rating.
(3) Inverter Input Circuit Current. The maximum current shall be the continuous inverter input current rating when the inverter is producing rated power at the lowest input voltage.
(4) Inverter Utilization Output Circuit Current. The maxi- mum current shall be the continuous ac output current rating of the inverter when the inverter is producing rated power.
(5) DC to DC Converter Output Current. The maximum current shall be the de-to-dc converter continuous output current rating.
(B) Conductor Ampacity. The ampacity of the output circuit conductors of the ESS(s) connected to the wiring system serv- ing the loads to be serviced by the system shall not be less than the greater of the nameplate(s)-rated circuit current as deter- mined in accordance with 706.30(A) (1) or the rating of the ESS(s) overcurrent protective device(s).
(C) Ampacity of Grounded or Neutral Conductor. If the output of a single-phase, 2-wire ESS output(s) is connected to the grounded or neutral conductor and a single ungrounded
conductor of a 3-wire system or of a 3-phase, 4-wire, wyc- connected system, the maximum unbalanced neutral load current plus the ESS(s) output rating shall not exceed the ampacity of the grounded or neutral conductor.
706.31 Overcurrent Protection.
(A) Circuits and Equipment. Protection devices for ESS circuits shall be in accordance with 706.31 (B) through (F). Circuits shall be protected at the source from overcurrent. A circuit conductor connected at one end to a supply with inte- gral fault protection, where the conductor is rated for the maximum circuit current from that supply, and also connected to sources having an available maximum circuit current greater than the ampacity of the conductor, shall be protected from overcurrent at the point of connection to the higher current source.
Informational Note: Listed electronic power converter circuits powered by an ESS have integral fault protection. Where these circuits are connected to higher current sources such as a utility service, the overcurrent device is more appropriately installed at the higher current source end of the circuit conductor.
(B) Overcurrent Device Ampere Ratings. Overcurrent protec- tive devices, where required, shall be not less than 125 percent of the maximum currents calculated in 706.30(A).
Exception: Where the assembly, including the overcurrent protective devices, is listed for operation at 100 percent of its rating, the ampere rating of the overcurrent devices shall be permitted to be not less than the maximum currents calculated in 706.30(B).
(C) Direct Current Rating. Overcurrent protective devices, cither fuses or circuit breakers, used in any dc portion of an ESS shall be listed for dc and shall have the appropriate volt- age, current, and interrupting ratings for the application.
(D) Current Limiting. A listed and labeled current-limiting overcurrent protective device shall be installed adjacent to the ESS for cach de output circuit.
Exception: Where current-limiting overrurrent protection is provided for the de output circuits of a listed ESS, additional current-limiting over- current devices shall not be required.
(E) Fuses. Mcans shall be provided to disconnect any fuses associated with ESS equipment and components when the fuse is energized from both directions and is accessible to other than qualified persons. Switches, pullouts, or similar devices that are rated for the application shall be permitted to serve as a means to disconnect fuses from all sources of supply.
(F) Location. Where circuits from the input or output termi- nals of energy storage components in an ESS pass through a wall, floor, or ceiling, overcurrent protection shall be provided at the energy storage component end of the circuit.
706.33 Charge Control.
(A) General. Provisions shall be provided to control the charg- ing process of the ESS. All adjustable means for control of the charging process shall be accessible only to qualified persons.
(B) Diversion Charge Controller.
(1) Sole Means of Regulating Charging. An ESS employing a diversion charge controller as the sole means of regulating charging shall be equipped with a second independent means to prevent overcharging of the storage device.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-645
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
706.33
ARTICLE 708 -CRITICAL OPERATIONS POWER SYSTEMS (COPS)
(2) Circuits with Diversion Charge Controller and Diversion Load. Circuits containing a diversion charge controller and a diversion load shall comply with the following:
(1) The current rating of the diversion load shall be less than or cqual to the current rating of the diversion load charge controller. The voltage rating of the diversion load shall be greater than the maximum ESS voltage. The power rating of the diversion load shall be at least 150 percent of the power rating of the charging source.
(2) The conductor ampacity and the rating of the overcur- rent device for this circuit shall be at least 150 percent of the maximum current rating of the diversion charge controller.
(3) ESS Using Interactive Inverters. Systems using interactive inverters to control energy storage state-of-charge by diverting excess power into an alternate electric power production and distribution system, such as utility, shall comply with 706.33(B) (3) (a) and (B)(3)(b).
(a) These systems shall not be required to comply with 706.33(B)(2).
(b) These systems shall have a second, independent means of controlling the ESS charging process for use when the alternate system is not available or when the primary charge controller fails or is disabled.
(C) Charge Controllers and DC-to-DC Converters. Where charge controllers and other DC-to-DC power converters that increase or decrease the output current or output voltage with respect to the input current or input voltage are installed, all of the following shall apply:
(1) The ampacity of the conductors in output circuits shall be based on the maximum rated continuous output current of the charge controller or converter for the selected output voltage range.
(2) The voltage rating of the output circuits shall be based on the maximum voltage output of the charge controller or converter for the selected output voltage range.
Part V. Flow Battery ESSs
Part V applies to ESSs composed of or containing flow batter- ics.
Informational Note: Due to the unique design features and difference in operating characteristics of flow batteries as compared with that of storage batteriessuch as lead acid or lith- ium ion batteries, the requirements for flow batteries have been included herein (Article 706, Part V).
706.40 General. The system and system components shall also meet Parts I, II, and III of this article.
Informational Note: See NFPA 855-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion of Stationary Energy Storage Systems, for installation require- ments for ESS, including requirements for flow batteries.
706.41 Electrolyte Classification. The electrolyte(s) that are acceptable for use in the batteries associated with the ESS shall be identified by name and chemical composition. Such identifi- cation shall be provided by readily discernable signage adjacent to every location in the system where the electrolyte can be put into or taken out of the system.
706.42 Electrolyte Containment. Flow battery systems shall be provided with a means for electrolyte containment to prevent spills of electrolyte from the system. An alarm system shall be
provided to signal an electrolyte leak from the system. Electri- cal wiring and connections shall be located and routed in a manner that mitigates the potential for exposure to electro- lytcs.
706.43 Flow Controls. Controls shall be provided to safely shut down the system in the event of electrolyte blockage.
706.44 Pumps and Other Fluid Handling Equipment. Pumps and other fluid handling equipment are to be rated/specified suitable for exposure to the electrolytes.
Part VI. Other Energy Storage Technologies
Part VI applies to ESSs using other technologies intended to store energy and when there is a demand for electrical power to use the stored energy to generate the needed power.
706.50 General. All electrical connections to and from the system and system components shall be in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Code. The systems shall comply with Parts I, II, III, and IV of this article.
706.51 Flywheel ESS (FESS). Flywheel ESS (FESS) using flywheels as the storage mechanism shall also comply with all of the following:
(1) FESS shall not be used for one- or two-family dwelling units.
Informational Note No. 1: FESS are intended for high-power shorter term applications. They contain parts that rotate under high speed with hazardous kinetic energy and include parts such as magnetic bearings that require ongoing monitoring and maintenance and, therefore, are not suitable for residential-type applications.
(2) FESS shall be provided with bearing monitoring and controls that can identify bearing wear or damage to avoid catastrophic failure.
Informational Note No. 2: The bearing monitoring controls should be evaluated as part of the listing evaluation.
(3) FESS shall be provided with a containment means to contain moving parts that could break from the system upon catastrophic failure.
Informational Note No. 3: The containment means should be evaluated as part of the listing evaluation.
(4) The spin-down time of the FESS shall be provided in the maintenance documentation.
ARTICLE 708 Critical Operations Power Systems (COPS)
Part I. General
708.1 Scope. This article applies to the installation, operation, monitoring, control, and maintenance of the portions of the premises wiring system intended to supply, distribute, and control electricity to designated critical operations arcas
70-646
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
708.7
ARTICLE 708- CRITICAL OPERATIONS POWER SYSTEMS (COPS)
(DCOA) in the event of disruption to elements of the normal system.
Critical operations power systems are those systems so classed by municipal, state, federal, or other codes by any governmental agency having jurisdiction or by facility engineer- ing documentation establishing the necessity for such a system. These systems include but are not limited to power systems, HVAC, fire alarm, security, communications, and signaling for designated critical operations arca.s.
Informational Note No. 1: Critical operations power systems are generally installed in vital infrastructure facilities that, if destroyed or incapacitated, would disrupt national security, the economy, public health or safety; and where enhanced electrical infrastructure for continuity of operation has been deemed necessary by governmental authority.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 1600-2019, Standard on Continuity, Emergency, and Crisis Management, for further informa- tion on disaster and emergency management.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emer- gauy and Standby Power Systems, for further infonnation regard- ing performance of emergency and standby power systems.
Informational Note No. 4: See NFP.A 101-2021, Lyfe Safety Code, or the applicable building code, for specification of locations where emergency lighting is considered essential to life safety.
Informational Note No. 5: See NFPA 730-2020, Guide for Premises Security, and ANSI/TIA-5017-2016, Telecommunications Physical Network Security Standard, for further information regarding phys- ical security.
Informational Note No. 6: See NFPA 1600-2019, Standard on Continuity, Emergency, and Crisis Management, A.5.3.2. Threats to facilities that may require transfer of operation to the critical systems include both naturally occurring hazards and human- caused events.
Informational Note No. 7: See Informative Annex F, Availability and Reliability for Critical Operations Power Systems; and Devel- opment and Implementation of Functional Performance Tests (FPTs) for Critical Operations Power Systems.
Informational Note No. 8: See Informative Annex G, Supervi- sory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA).
Informational Note No. 9: Text that is followed by a reference in brackets has been extracted from NFPA 1600-2019, Standard on Continuity, Emergency, and Crisis Management. Only editorial changes were made to the extracted text to make it consistent with this Code.
708.2 Reconditioned Equipment. Reconditioned transfer switches shall not be permitted.
708.4 Risk Assessment. Risk assessment for critical operations power systems shall be documented and shall be conducted in accordance with 708.4(A) through (C).
Informational Note: See NFPA 1600-2019, Standard on Continuity, Emergency, and Crisis Management, Chapter 5, which provides additional guidance concerning risk assessment and hazard analysis.
(A) Conducting Risk Assessment. In critical operations power systems, risk assesment shall be performed to identify hazards, the likelihood of their occurrence, and the vulnerability of the electrical system to those hazards.
(B) Identification of Hazards. Hazards to be considered at a minimum shall include, but shall not be limited to, the follow- ing:
(1) Naturally occurring hazards (gcological, meteorological, and biological)
(2) Human-caused events (accidental and intentional)
(C) Developing Mitigation Strategy. Based on the results of the risk assesment, a strategy shall be developed and implemented to mitigate the hazards that have not been sufficiently mitiga- ted by the prescriptive requirements of this Code.
708.5 Physical Security. Physical security shall be provided for critical operations power systems in accordance with 708.5(A) and (B).
(A) Risk Assessment. Based on the results of the risk assess- ment, a strategy for providing physical security for critical oper- ations power systems shall be developed, documented, and implemented.
(B) Restricted Access. Electrical circuits and equipment for critical operations power systems shall be accessible to qualified personnel only.
708.6 Testing and Maintenance.
(A) Conduct or Witness Test. The authority having jurisdic- tion shall conduct or witness a test of the complete system upon installation and periodically afterward.
(B) Tested Periodically. Systems shall be tested periodically on a schedule approved by the authority having jurisdiction to ensure the systems are maintained in proper operating condi- tion.
(C) Maintenance. The authority having jurisdiction shall require a documented preventive maintenance program for critical operations power systems.
Informational Note: See NFPA 70B-2019, Recommended Practice for Electrical Equipment Maintenance, for information concerning maintenance.
(D) Written Record. A written record shall be kept of such tests and maintenance.
(E) Testing Under Load. Mcans for testing all critical power systems during maximum anticipated load conditions shall be provided.
Informational Note: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for information concerning testing and maintenance of emergency power supply systems (EPSSs) that are also applicable to COPS.
708.7 Cybersecurity. COPS that are connected to a communi- cation network and have the capability to permit control of any portion of the premises COPS shall comply with cither of the following:
(1) The ability to control the system is limited to a direct connection through a local nonnetworked interface.
(2) It is connected through a networked interface complying with one of the following methods:
a. The system and associated software are identified as being evaluated for cybersecurity.
b. A cybersecurity assessment is conducted on the connected system to determine vulnerabilities to cyberattacks.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-647
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
708.8
ARTICLE 708 - CRITICAL OPERATIONS POWER SYSTEMS (COPS)
The cybersecurity assessment shall be conducted when the system configuration changes and at not more than 5-year intervals.
Documentation of the evaluation, assessment, and certifica- tion shall be made available to those authorized to inspect, operate, and maintain the system.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/ISA 62443, Cybersecurity Standards series; UL 2900, Cybersecurity Standards series; or the NIST Framework for Improving Critical infrastructure Cyberse- curity, Version 1.1, for assessment requirements.
Informational Note No. 2: Examples of the commissioning certification used to demonstrate the system has been investiga- ted for cybersecurity vulnerabilities could be one of the follow- ing:
(1) The ISA Security Compliance Institute (ISCI) conformity assessment program
(2) Certification of compliance by a nationally recognized test laboratory
(3) Manufacturer certification for the specific type and brand of system provided
708.8 Commissioning.
(A) Commissioning Plan. A commissioning plan shall be developed and documented.
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 70B-2019, Recommended Practice for Electrical Equipment Maintenance, for further informa- tion on developing a commissioning program.
Informational Note No. 2: See 708.7 for cybersecurity assess- ments.
(B) Component and System Tests. The installation of the equipment shall undergo component and system tests to ensure that, when energized, the system will function properly.
(C) Baseline Test Results. A set of baseline test results shall be documented for comparison with future periodic maintenance testing to identify equipment deterioration.
(D) Functional Performance Tests. A functional performance test program shall be established, documented, and executed upon complete installation of the critical system in order to establish a baseline reference for future performance require- ments.
Informational Note: See Informative. Annex F, Availability and Reliability for Critical Operations Power Systems; and Develop- ment and Implementation of Functional Perfonnance Tests (FPTs) for Critical Operations Power Systems, for more informa- tion on developing and implementing a functional performance test program.
Part II. Circuit Wiring and Equipment
708.10 Feeder and Branch Circuit Wiring.
(A) Identification.
(1) Boxes and Enclosures. In a building or at a structure where a critical operations power system and any other type of power system are present, all boxes and enclosures (including transfer switches, generators, and power panels) for critical operations power system circuits shall be permanently marked so they will be readily identified as a component of the critical operations power system.
(2) Receptacle Identification. In a building in which COPS are present with other types of power systems described in other sections in this article, the cover plates for the receptacles or the receptacles themselves supplied from the COPS shall have a distinctive color or marking so as to be readily identifiable. Nonlocking-type, 125-volt, 15- and 20-ampere receptacles supplied from the COPS shall have an illuminated face or an indicator light to indicate that there is power to the receptacle.
Exception: If the COPS supplies power to a DCOA that is a stand-alone building, receptacle cover plates or the receptarles themselves shall not be required to have distinctive marking.
(B) Wiring. Wiring of two or more COPS circuits supplied from the same source shall be permitted in the same raceway, cable, box, or cabinet. In other than transfer equipment enclo- sures, wiring from a COPS source or COPS source distribution overcurrent protection to critical loads shall be kept entirely independent of all other wiring and equipment.
(C) COPS Feeder Wiring Requirements. COPS feeders shall comply with 708.10(C) (1) through (C) (3).
(1) Protection Against Physical Damage. The wiring of the COPS system shall be protected against physical damage. Only the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
(1) Rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, or Type MI cable.
(2) Where encased in not less than 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete, any of the following wiring methods shall be permitted:
a. Schedule 40 or Schedule 80 rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC)
b. Reinforced thermosetting resin conduit (RTRC)
c. Electrical metallic tubing (EMT)
d. Flexible nonmetallic or jacketed metallic raceways
c. Jacketed metallic cable assemblies listed for installa- tion in concrete
(3) Where provisions must be made for flexibility at equip- ment connection, one or more of the following shall also be permitted:
a. Flexible metal fittings
b. Flexible metal conduit with listed fittings
c. Liquidtight flexible metal conduit with listed fittings
(2) Fire Protection for Feeders. Feeders shall meet one of the following conditions:
(1) The cable or raceway is protected by a listed electrical circuit protective system with a minimum 2-hour fire rating.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL. 1724, Fire Tests for Electrical Circuit Protective Systems, for one method of defining an electrical circuit protective system, by establishing a rating when tested. UL Guide Information for Electrical Circuit Integrity Systems (FHIT) contains information to identify the system and its installation limitations to maintain a minimum 2-hour fire resistive rating.
(2) The cable or raceway is a listed fire-resistive cable system with a minimum 2-hour fire rating.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 2196-2017, Standard for Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for testing requirements for fire-resistive cables.
70-648
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
708.20
ARTICLE 708- CRITICAL OPERATIONS POWER SYSTEMS (COPS)
Informational Note No. 3: The listing organization provides information for fire-resistive cable systems on proper installation requirements to maintain the fire rating.
(3) The cable or raceway is protected by a listed fire-rated assembly that has a minimum fire rating of 2 hours.
(4) The cable or raceway is encased in a minimum of 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete.
(3) Floodplain Protection. Where COPS feeders are installed below the level of the 100-year floodplain, the insulated circuit conductors shall be listed for use in a wet location and be installed in a wiring method that is permitted for use in wet locations.
(D) COPS Branch Circuit Wiring.
(1) Outside the DCOA. COPS branch circuits installed outside the DCOA shall comply with the physical and fire protec- tion requirements of 708.10(C)(1) through (C)(3).
(2) Within the DCOA. Any of the wiring methods recognized in Chapter 3 of this Code shall be permitted within the DCOA.
708.11 Branch Circuit and Feeder Distribution Equipment.
(A) Branch Circuit Distribution Equipment. COPS branch circuit distribution equipment shall be located within the same DCOA as the branch circuits it supplies.
(B) Feeder Distribution Equipment. Equipment for COPS feeder circuits (including transfer equipment, transformers, and panelboards) shall comply with the following:
(1) Be located in spaces with a 2-hour fire resistance rating
(2) Be located above the 100-year floodplain
708.12 Feeders and Branch Circuits Supplied by COPS. Feed- ers and branch circuits supplied by the COPS shall supply only equipment specified as required for critical operations use.
708.14 Wiring of HVAC, Fire Alarm, Security, Emergency Communications, and Signaling Systems. All ,conductors or cables shall be installed using any of the metal wiring methods permitted by 708.10(C) (1) and, in addition, shall comply with the following, as applicable:
(1) All cables for fire alarm, security, signaling systems, and emergency communications shall be shielded twisted pair cables or installed to comply with the performance requirements of the system ..
(2) Shields of cables for fire alarm, security, signaling systems, and emergency communications shall be arranged in accordance with the manufacturer's published installa- tion instructions.
(3) Optical fiber cables shall be used for connections between two or more buildings on the property and under single management.
(4) A listed primary protector shall be provided on all communications circuits. Listed secondary protectors shall be provided at the terminals of the communications circuits.
(5) Conductors for all control circuits rated above 50 volts shall be rated not less than 600 volt.s.
(6) Communications, fire alarm, and signaling circuits shall use relays with contact ratings that exceed circuit voltage and current ratings in the controlled circuit.
(7) All cables for fire alarm, security, emergency communica- tions, and signaling systems shall be riser-rated and shall be part of a listed 2-hour fire-resistive cable system or
protected by a listed 2-hour electrical circuit protective system.
(8) Control, monitoring, and power wiring to HVAC systems shall be part of a listed 2-hour fire-resistive cable system or protected by a listed 2-hour electrical circuit protective system.
Part III. Power Sources and Connection 708.20 Sources of Power.
(A) General Requirements. Current supply shall be such that, in the event of failure of the normal supply to the DCOA, criti- cal operations power shall be available within the time required for the application. The supply system for critical operations power, in addition to the normal services to the building and meeting the general requirements of this section, shall be one or more of the types of systems described in 708.20(E) through (H).
Informational Note No. 1: Assignment of degree of reliability of the recognized critical operations power system depends on the careful evaluation in accordance with the risk assessment.
Informational Note No. 2: See IEEE 3006.5-2014, Recommended Practice for the Use of Probability Methods for Conducting a Reliability Analysis of Industrial and Commercial Power Systems, for guidance about determining degree of reliability.
(B). Fire Protection. Where located within a building, cquip- ment for sources of power as described in 708.20(E) through (H) shall be installed cither in spaces fully protected by an approved automatic fire protection system or in spaces with a 2- hour fire rating.
(C) Grounding. All sources of power shall be grounded as a separately derived source in accordance with 250.30.
Exception: Where installed in accordance with 708.10(C) and 708.11(B), equipment containing the main bonding jumper or system bonding jumper for the normal source and the feeder wiring to the transfer equipment shall not be required to be grounded as a separately derived sourre.
(D) Surge Protection Devices. Surge protection devices shall be provided at all facility distribution voltage levels.
(E) Storage Battery. An automatic battery charging means shall be provided. Batteries shall be compatible with the charger for that particular installation. Automotive-type batter- ics shall not be used.
(F) Generator Set.
(1) Prime Mover-Driven. Generator sets driven by a prime mover shall be provided with means for automatically starting the prime mover on failure of the normal power source. A time-delay feature permitting a minimum 15-minute setting shall be provided to avoid retransfer in case of short-time recs- tablishment of the normal source.
(2) Power for fuel transfer pumps. Where power is needed for the operation of the fuel transfer pumps to deliver fuel to a generator set day tank, this pump shall be connected to the COPS.
(3) Dual Supplies. Prime movers shall not be solely dependent on a public utility gas system for their fuel supply or municipal water supply for their cooling systems. Vicans shall be provided
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-649
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
708.20
ARTICLE 708- CRITICAL OPERATIONS POWER SYSTEMS (COPS)
for automatically transferring from one fuel supply to another where dual fuel supplies are used.
(4) Battery Power and Dampers. Where a storage battery is used for control or signal power or as the means of starting the prime mover, it shall be suitable for the purpose and shall be cquipped with an automatic charging means independent of the generator set. Where the battery charger is required for the operation of the generator set, it shall be connected to the COPS. Where power is required for the operation of dampers used to ventilate the generator set, the dampers shall be connected to the COPS.
(5) Outdoor Generator Sets.
(a) Permanently Installed Generators and Portable Generators Greater Than 15 kW. Where an outdoor housed generator set is cquipped with a readily accessible disconnecting means in accordance with 445.18, and the disconnecting means is loca- ted within sight of the building or structure supplied, an addi- tional disconnecting means shall not be required where ungrounded conductors serve or pass through the building or structure. Where the generator supply conductors terminate at a disconnecting means in or on a building or structure, the disconnecting means shall meet the requirements of 225.36.
(b) Portable Generators 15 kW or Less. Where a portable generator, rated 15 kW or less, is installed using a flanged inlet or other cord-and plug-type connection, a disconnecting means shall not be required where ungrounded conductors serve or pass through a building or structure.
(6) Means for Connecting Portable or Vehicle-Mounted Gener- ator. Where the COPS is supplied by a single generator, a means to connect a portable or vehicle-mounted generator shall be provided.
(7) On-Site Fuel Supply. Where internal combustion engines are used as the prime mover, an on-site fuel supply shall be provided. The on-site fuel supply shall be secured and protec- ted in accordance with the risk assessment.
(G) Uninterruptible Power Supplies. Uninterruptible power supplies used as the sole source of power for COPS shall comply with 708.20(E) and (F).
(H) Fuel Cell System. Installation of a fuel cell system shall meet the requirements of Parts II through VIII of Article 692.
708.21 Ventilation. Adequate ventilation shall be provided for the alternate power source for continued operation under maximum anticipated ambient temperatures.
Informational Note: See NFPA 110-2019, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems, and NFPA 111-2019, Standard on Stored Electrical Energy Emergency and Standby Power Systems, for addi- tional infonnation on ventilation air for combustion and cool- ing.
708.22 Capacity of Power Sources.
(A) Capacity and Rating. A COPS shall have capacity and rating for all loads to be operated simultaneously for continu- ous operation with variable load for an unlimited number of hours, except for required maintenance of the power source. A portable, temporary, or redundant alternate power source shall be available for use whenever the COPS power source is out of service for maintenance or repair.
(B) Selective Load Management. The alternate power source shall be permitted to supply COPS emergency, legally required standby, and optional loads where the source has adequate
capacity or where load management (that includes automatic selective load pickup and load shedding) is provided as needed to ensure adequate power to (1) the COPS and emergency circuits, (2) the legally required standby circuits, and (3) the optional standby circuits, in that order of priority. The alter- nate power source shall be permitted to be used for peak load shaving, provided these conditions are met.
Pcak load-shaving operation shall be permitted for satisfying the test requirement of 708.6(B), provided all other conditions of 708.6 arc mct.
(C) Duration of COPS Operation. The alternate power source shall be capable of operating the COPS for a minimum of 72 hours at full load of DCOA with a steady-state voltage within ±10 percent of nominal utilization voltage.
708.24 Transfer Equipment.
(A) General. Transfer equipment, including automatic trans- fer switches, shall be automatic, listed, and identified for emer- gency usc. Transfer equipment shall be designed and installed to prevent the inadvertent interconnection of normal and criti- cal operations sources of supply in any operation of the trans- fer equipment. Transfer equipment and electric power production systems installed to permit operation in parallel with the normal source shall meet the requirements of Parts I and II of Article 705.
(B) Bypass Isolation Transfer Switches. Mcans shall be permit- ted to bypass and isolate the transfer equipment. If bypass isola- tion transfer switches are used, inadvertent parallel operation shall be avoided.
(C) Automatic Transfer Switches. If used with sources that are not inherently synchronized, automatic transfer switches shall comply with the following:
(1) Automatic transfer switches shall be listed for emergency usc.
(2) Automatic transfer switches shall be electrically operated and mechanically held.
(D) Redundant Transfer Equipment. If COPS loads arc supplied by a single feeder, the COPS shall include redundant transfer equipment or a bypass isolation transfer switch to facil- itate maintenance as required in 708.6(C) without jeopardizing continuity of power. If the redundant transfer equipment or bypass isolation transfer switch is manual (or nonautomatic), then it shall be actively supervised by a qualified person when the primary (automatic) transfer equipment is disabled for maintenance or repair.
(E) Use. Transfer equipment shall supply only COPS loads.
(F) Documentation. The short-circuit current rating of the transfer equipment, based on the specific overcurrent protec- tive device type and settings protecting the transfer equipment, shall be field marked on the exterior of the transfer equip- ment.
708.30 Branch Circuits Supplied by COPS. Branch circuits supplied by the COPS shall only supply equipment specified as required for critical operations usc.
Part IV. Overcurrent Protection
708.50 Accessibility. The feeder- and branch-circuit overcur- rent devices shall be accessible to authorized persons only.
70-650
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
708.64
ARTICLE 708 - CRITICAL OPERATIONS POWER SYSTEMS (COPS)
708.52 Ground-Fault Protection of Equipment.
(A) Applicability. The requirements of 708.52 shall apply to critical operations (including multiple occupancy buildings) with critical operation arcas.
(B) Feeders. Where ground-fault protection is provided for operation of the service disconnecting means or feeder discon- necting means as specified by 230.95 or 215.10, an additional step of ground-fault protection shall be provided in all next level feeder disconnecting means downstream toward the load. Such protection shall consist of overcurrent devices and current transformers or other equivalent protective equipment that causes the feeder disconnecting means to open.
(C) Testing. When equipment ground-fault protection is first installed, cach level shall be tested to ensure that ground-fault protection is operational.
Informational Note: Testing is intended to verify the ground- fault function is operational. The performance test is not inten- ded to verify selectivity in 708.52(D), as this is often coordinated similarly to circuit breakers by reviewing time and current curves and properly setting the equipment. (Selectivity of fuses and circuit breakers is not performance tested for overload and short circuit.)
(D) Selectivity. Ground-fault protection for operation of the service and feeder disconnecting means shall be fully selective such that the feeder device, but not the service device, shall open on ground faults on the load side of the feeder device. Separation of ground-fault protection time-current characteris- tics shall conform to the manufacturer's recommendations and shall consider all required tolerances and disconnect operating time to achieve 100 percent selectivity.
Informational Note: See 230.95, Informational Note No. 4, for transfer of alternate source where ground-fault protection is applied.
708.54 Selective Coordination.
(A) General. Critical operations power system(s) overcurrent protective devices (OCPDs) shall be selectively coordinated with all supply-side and load-side OCPDs.
Selective coordination shall be selected by a licensed profes- sional engineer or other qualified persons engaged primarily in the design, installation, or maintenance of electrical systems. The selection shall be documented and made available to those authorized to design, install, inspect, maintain, and operate the system.
(B) Replacements. Where critical operations power system(s) OCPDs are replaced, they shall be reevaluated to ensure selec- tive coordination is maintained with all supply-side and load- side OCPDs.
(C) Modifications. If modifications, additions, or deletions to the critical operations power system(s) occur, selective coordi- nation of the critical operations power system(s) OCPDs with all supply-side and load-side OCPDs shall be reevaluated.
Exception: Selective coordination shall not be required between two over- current devices located in series if no loads are connected in parallel with the downstream device.
Informational Note: See Infonnational Note Figure 708.54(C) for an example of how critical operations power system OCPDs selectively coordinate with all supply-side OCPDs.
OCPD D selectively coordinates with OCPDs C, F, E, B, and A.
OCPD C selectively coordinates with OCPDs F, E, B, and A. OCPD F selectively coordinates with OCPD E.
OCPD B is not required to selectively coordinate with OCPD A because OCPD B is not a critical operations power system OCPD.
Part V. System Performance and Analysis
708.64 Emergency Operations Plan. A facility with a COPS shall have a documented emergency operations plan. The plan shall consider emergency operations and response, recovery, and continuity of operations.
Informational Note: See AFPA 1600-2019, Standard on Continuity, Emergency, and Crisis Management, Section 5.7, which provides guidance for the development and implementation of emer- gency plans.
Normal Source
Emergency Source
G
A
E
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
F
c
D
Informational Note Figure 708.54(C) Critical Operations Power System Selective Coordination.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. Toreport unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-651
B
1
710.1
ARTICLE 722 -CABLES FOR POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS AND FAULT-MANAGED POWER CIRCUITS
ARTICLE 710 Stand-Alone Systems
710.1 Scope. This article covers electric power production systems that operate in island mode not connected to an elec- tric utility or other electric power production and distribution network.
Informational Note: These systems operate independently from an electric utility and include isolated microgrid systems, Stand- alone systems often include a single or a compatible intercon- nection of sources such as engine generators, solar PV, wind, ESS, or batteries.
710.6 Equipment Approval. All power production equipment or systems shall be approved for use in island mode and comply with one of the following:
(1) Be listed
(2) Be evaluated for the application and have a field label applied
710.10 Identification of Power Sources. A permanent plaque, label, or directory shall be installed at a building supplied by a stand-alone system at the power source disconnecting means location, or at an approved readily visible location. The plaque, label, or directory shall denote the location of cach power source disconnecting means for the building or be grouped with other plaques or directories for other on-site sources. Where multiple sources supply the building, markings shall comply with 705.10.
710.12 Stand-Alone Inverter Input Circuit Current. The maxi- mum current shall be the stand-alone continuous inverter input current rating when the inverter is producing rated power at the lowest input voltage.
710.15 General. Premises wiring systems shall be adequate to meet the requirements of this Code for similar installations supplied by a feeder or service. The wiring on the supply side of the building or structure disconnecting means shall comply with the requirements of this Code, except as modified by 710.15(A) through (G).
(A) Supply Output. Power supply to premises wiring systems fed by stand-alone or isolated microgrid power sources shall be permitted to have less capacity than the calculated load. The capacity of the sum of all sources of the stand-alone supply shall be equal to or greater than the load posed by the largest single utilization equipment connected to the system. Calcula- ted general lighting loads shall not be considered as a single load.
Informational Note: For general-use loads the system capacity can be calculated using the sum of the capacity of the firm sour- ces, such as generators and ESS inverters. For specialty loads intended to be powered directly from a variable source, the capacity can be calculated using the sum of the variable sources, such as PV or wind inverters, or the combined capacity of both firm and variable sources.
(B) Sizing and Protection. The circuit conductors between a stand-alone source and a building or structure disconnecting means shall be sized based on the sum of the output ratings of the stand-alone source(s). For three-phase interconnections, the phase loads shall be controlled or balanced to be compati-
ble with specifications of the sum of the power supply capaci- tics.
(C) Single 120-Volt Supply. Stand-alone and isolated microgrid systems shall be permitted to supply 120 volts to single-phase, 3- wirc, 120/240-volt service equipment or distribution panels where there are no 240-volt outlets and where there are no multiwire branch circuits. In all installations, the sum of the ratings of the power sources shall be less than the rating of the neutral bus in the service equipment. This equipment shall be marked with the following words or equivalent:
WARNING: SINGLE 120-VOLT SUPPLY. DO NOT CONNECT MULTI- WIRE BRANCH CIRCUITS!
The warning sign(s) or label(s) shall comply with 110.21 (B).
(D) Three-phase Supply. Stand-alone and microgrid systems shall be permitted to supply three-phase, 3-wire or 4-wire systems.
(E) Energy Storage or Backup Power System Requirements. Energy storage or backup power supplies shall not be required.
(F) Voltage and Frequency Control. The stand-alone power sources shall be controlled during operation so that voltage and frequency are supplied within limits compatible with the connected loads.
ARTICLE 722 Cables for Power-Limited Circuits and Fault-Managed Power Circuits
Part I. General
722.1 Scope. This article covers the general requirements for the installation of single- and multiple-conductor cables used in Class 2 and Class 3 power-limited circuits, power-limited fire alarm (PLFA) circuits, and Class 4 fault-managed power circuits.
722.3 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, installation of cables shall comply with the articles or sections listed in 722.3(A) through (O). Only those sections of Article 300 referenced in this article shall apply.
(A) Installation of Cables and Conductors in Raceway. The number and size of conductors and cables, as well as raceway sizing, shall comply with 300.17.
(B) Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Installation of power-limited circuits shall comply with 300.21.
(C) Ducts, Plenums, and Other Air-Handling Spaces. Power- limited circuits installed in ducts, plenums, or other space used for environmental air shall comply with 300.22.
Exception No. 1: Cables selected in accordance with Table 722.135(B) and installed in accordance with 300.22(B), Exception shall be permit- ted to be installed in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air.
70-652
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
722.25
ARTICLE 722 -CABLES FOR POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS AND FAULT-MANAGED POWER CIRCUITS
Exception No. 2: Cables selected in accordance with Table 722.135(B) shall be permitted to be installed in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums).
(D) Cables in Ducts for Dust, Loose Stock, or Vapor Removal. Section 300.22(A) for wiring systems shall apply.
Exception: Nonconductive optical fiber cables shall be permitted in ducts used for dust, loose stock, or vapor removal.
(E) Cable Trays. Cable tray installations shall comply with Parts I and II of Article 392.
(F) Instrumentation Tray Cable. Circuits wired using instru- mentation tray cable shall comply with 335.1 and 335.4 through 335.9.
(G) Raceways or Sleeves Exposed to Different Temperatures. Section 300.7(A) shall apply.
(H) Vertical Support for Fire-Resistive Cables and Conductors. Vertical installations of circuit integrity (CI) cables and conduc- tors installed in a raceway or conductors and cables of electrical circuit protective systems and fire resistive-cable systems shall be installed in accordance with 300.19.
(I) Installation of Cables with Other Systems. Section 300.8 shall apply.
(J) Corrosive, Damp, or Wet Locations. The installation of power-limited cables shall comply with the applicable require- ments in 110.11, 300.5(B), 300.6, 300.9, and 310.10(F) when installed in corrosive, damp, or wet locations.
(K) Cable Routing Assemblies. Cables installed in cable rout- ing assemblies shall be selected in accordance with Table 800.154(c), listed in accordance with 800.182, and installed in accordance with 800.110(C) (1)), 800.110(C) (2), and 800.113.
(L) Communications Raceways. Cables communications race- ways shall be selected in accordance with Table 800.154(b), listed in accordance with 800.182, and installed in accordance with 800.113 and 362.24 through 362.56, where the require- ments applicable to electrical nonmetallic tubing (ENT) apply.
(M) Temperature Limitation of Cables. The requirements of 310.14(A) (3) on the temperature limitation of conductors shall apply to power-limited circuit cables and fault-managed power cables.
(N) Identification of Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment grounding conductors shall be identified in accord- ance with 250.119.
Exception: Cables that do not contain an equipment grounding conductor shall be permitted to use a conductor with green insulation, or green insulation with one or more yellow stripes, for other than equip- ment grounding purposes.
(O) Specific Requirements. As appropriate, the installation of wires and cables shall also comply with the following:
(1) Class 2 and Class 3 cables - Part II of Article 725
(2) Class 4 cables - Part IV of Article 726
(3) Fire alarm cables - Part III of Article 760
(4) Optical fiber cables - Part V of Article 770
722.10 Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Class 4 cables shall be permitted to be used in hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by other articles of this Code.
722.12 Uses Not Permitted. Class 4 cables shall not be permit- ted for any applications that are not part of a Class 4 system.
Exception: Use of Class 4 cable for other applications shall be permitted if the cable has been listed as suitable for the other applications.
722.21 Access to Electrical Equipment Behind Panels Designed to Allow Access. Access to electrical equipment shall not be denied by an accumulation of cables that prevents removal of panels, including suspended ceiling panels.
722.24 Mechanical Execution of Work.
(A) General. Cables shall be installed in a neat and workman- like manner. Cables installed exposed on the surface of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure in such a manner that the cable will not be damaged by normal building usc. Such cables shall be secured by hardware, includ- ing straps, staples, hangers, listed cable ties identified for securement and support, or similar fittings, designed and installed so as not to damage the cable. The installation shall conform to 300.4 and 300.11.
A bushing shall be installed where cables emerge from race- way used for mechanical support or protection in accordance with 300.15(C).
Nonmetallic cable tics and other nonmetallic cable accesso- ries used to secure and support cables in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) shall be listed as having low smoke and heat release properties in accordance with 300.22(C).
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 90A-2021, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, for discrete combustible components.
Informational Note No. 2: Paint, plaster, cleaners, abrasives, corrosive residues, or other contaminants could result in an undetermined alteration of cable properties.
(B) Support of Cables. Cables shall not be strapped, taped, or attached by any means to the exterior of any conduit or other raceway as a means of support.
Exception No. 1: Class 2 circuit conductors or cables shall be permitted to be installed as permitted by 300.11(C)(2).
Exception No. 2: Overhead (aerial) spans of optical fiber cables shall be permitted to be attached to the exterior of a raceway-type mast intended for the attachment and support of such cables.
(C) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cable. Circuit integrity (CI) cable shall be supported at a distance not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.). Cable shall be secured to the noncombustible surface of the building structure. Cable supports and fasteners shall be steel.
722.25 Abandoned Cables. The accessible portion of aban- doncd cables shall be removed. Where cables are identified for future use with a tag, the tag shall be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-653
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
722.31
ARTICLE 722 -CABLES FOR POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS AND FAULT-MANAGED POWER CIRCUITS
722.31 Safety-Control Equipment. Where damage to power- limited circuits can result in a failure of safety-control cquip- ment that would introduce a direct fire or life hazard, the power limited circuits shall be installed using Class 1 circuit wiring methods in accordance with 724.46. All conductors of such circuits shall be installed in rigid metal conduit, inter- mediate metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, electrical metallic tubing, Type MI cable, or Type MC cable, or be other- wisc suitably protected from physical damage.
722.135 Installation of Cables. The installation of cables shall comply with 722.135(A) through (1), as applicable.
(A) Listing. Cables installed in buildings shall be listed.
(B) Cables in Buildings. The installation of cables shall comply with Table 722.135(B).
Informational Note No. 1: See NFPA 90A-2021, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, 4.3.4 and 4.3.11.3.3, for information on fire protection of wiring installed in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air and other spaces used for environmental air (plenums).
Informational Note No. 2: See 300.21 for firestop requirements for floor penetrations.
Informational Note No. 3: See Chapter 3 for the installation requirements for PLTC cables installed outdoors in cable trays.
Informational Note No. 4: See UL. 2024, Cable Routing Assemblies and Communications Rareways, for applicable requirements for plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assemblies and raceways.
(C) Industrial Establishments. In industrial establishments where the conditions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation, Type PLTC cable shall be permitted in accordance with either of the following:
(1) Where the cable is not subject to physical damage, Type PLTC cable that complies with the crush and impact requirements of Type MC cable and is identified as Type PLTC-ER for such use shall be permitted to be exposed between the cable tray and the utilization equipment or device. The cable shall be continuously supported and protected against physical damage using mechanical protection such as dedicated struts, angles, or channels. The cable shall be supported and secured at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft). Where not subject to physical damage, Type PLTC-ER cable shall be permitted to transi- tion between cable trays and hetween cable trays and utilization equipment or devices for a distance not to cxcced 1.8 m (6 ft) without continuous support. The cable shall be mechanically supported where exiting the cable tray to ensure that the minimum bending radius is not exceeded.
(2) Typc PLTC cable, with a metallic sheath or armor in accordance with 722.179(A) (6), shall be permitted to be installed exposed. The cable shall be continuously supported and protected against physical damage using mechanical protection such as dedicated struts, angles, or channels. The cable shall be secured at intervals not exceeding 1.8 m (6 ft).
(D) In Hoistways. In hoistways, cables shall he installed in rigid metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, intermediate metal conduit, liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit, or elec- trical metallic tubing. For elevators or similar equipment, these conductors shall be permitted to be installed as provided in 620.21.
(E) Cable Substitutions. The substitutions for cables listed in Table 722.135(E) shall be permitted. Where substitute cables arc installed, the installation requirements of the articles described in 722.3(O) shall also apply. CI cables shall be permitted to be installed to provide 2-hour circuit integrity. Scc 722.135(F).
Informational Note: See 800.179 for information on Types CMP, CMR, CM, and CMX.
(F) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cable, Fire-Resistive Cable System, or Electrical Circuit Protective System. CI cable, a fire-resistive cable system, or a listed electrical circuit protective system shall be permitted for use in systems that supply critical circuits to ensure survivability for continued circuit operation for a speci- ficd time under fire conditions.
(G) Thermocouple Circuits. Conductors in Type PLTC cables used for Class 2 thermocouple circuits shall be permitted to he any of the materials used for thermocouple extension wirc.
(H) Bundling of 4-Pair Cables Transmitting Power and Data. Where 4-pair cables are used to transmit power and data to a powered device, 725.144 shall apply.
(I) Installation of Circuit Conductors Extending Beyond One Building. Circuit conductors that extend heyond one building and are run such that they are subject to accidental contact with electric light or power conductors operating over 300 volts to ground, or are exposed to lightning on interbuilding circuits on the same premises, shall comply with the following:
(1) For other than coaxial conductors, 800.44, 800.53, 800.100, 805.50, 805.93, 805.170(A), and 805.170(B)
(2) For coaxial conductors, 800.44, 820.93, and 820.100
(3) The installation requirements of Part I of Article 300
70-654
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 722 -CABLES FOR POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS AND FAULT-MANAGED POWER CIRCUITS
Table 722.135(B) Installation of Listed Cables in Buildings
Cable Type1
General- Limited- Under
Applications
Plenum
Riser
Purpose
Use
Carpet
PLTC
In ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air as described in 300.22(B)?
Cables in lengths as short as practicable to perform the required function In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(B)
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
Y
In other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) as described in 300.22(C)
Cables in other spaces used for environmental air
Y
N
V
N
N
2
Cables in metal raceway that complies with 300.22(C)
Y
Y
Y
Y
2
Y
Cables in plenum communications raceways Cables in plenum cable routing assemblies Cables supported by open metal cable trays
Y
N
N
N
N
Cables or cables installed in raceways or cable routing assemblies supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal
Y
Y
7. 7.7.> V Y
N
N
N
Y
In risers and vertical runs
Cables in vertical runs penetrating one or more floors and in vertical runs in a shaft
Y
Y
7
N
N'
N
Cables in metal raceways
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
Cables in fireproof shafts
Y
Y
Y
N
N
Cables in plenum communications raceways
Y
Y
N
N
N
Cables in plenum cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
V
N
N
N
Cables in riser communications raceways Cables in riser cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
V
N
N
N
Cables in one- and two-family dwellings
Y
Y
Y
N
Y
Cables and innerducts installed in metal raceways in a riser having firestops at each floor?
Cables
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
Y
Cables in plenum communications raceways (innerduct)
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Cables in riser communications raceways (innerduct)
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
Y
Cables in general-purpose communications raceways (innerduct)
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
Y
In fireproof riser shafts having firestops at Cables each floor?
Cables in plenum communications raceways or plenum cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
Y
N
N
Y
Cables in riser communications raceways or riser cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
Y
N
N
Y
Cables in general-purpose communications raceways or general-purpose cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
Y
N
N
Y
In cable trays
Outdoors
N
N
V
N
N
Y
Cables, or cables in plenum, riser, or general- purpose communications raceways, installed indoors
Y
Y
Y
N
Y
In cross-connect arrays
Cables, and cables in plenum, riser, or general-purpose communications raceways or cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
Y
N
Y
In one-, two-, and multifamily dwellings, and in building locations other than the locations covered above
Cables
Y
Y
Y
y3
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Cables in nonconcealed spaces
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
L'nder carpet, floor covering, modular flooring, and planks
N
N
7
N
Y
N
"\" indicates that the cable type shall not be installed in the application. "Y" indicates that the cable type shall be permitted to be installed in the application, subject to any limitations described in this article or the articles described in 722.3(O).
2In 300.22(B), cables shall be permitted in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air only if directly associated with the air distribution system. 3Limited-use cable shall be pennitted to be installed only in one-, two-, and multifamily dwellings and only if the cable is smaller in diameter than 6.35 mm (0.25 in.).
"The exposed length of cable shall not exceed 3.05 m (10 ft).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-655
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
Y
Y
Y
N
N
Y
Y
N
.V
N
N
N
Y
N
Y
N
Y
N
N
Y
V
N
Y
N
covers
722.135
Cables in plenum, riser, or general-purpose communications raceways or cable routing assemblies, or raceways recognized in Chapter 3
722.179
ARTICLE 722 - CABLES FOR POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS AND FAULT-MANAGED POWER CIRCUITS
Table 722.135(E) Cable Substitutions
Cable Type
Permitted Substitutions
CL3P
CMP
CL2P
CMP, CL3P
CL3R
CMP, CL3P, CMR
CL2R
CMP, CL3P, CL2P, CMR, CL3R
PLTC
None
CL3
CMP, CL3P, CMR, CL3R, CMG, CM, PLTC CMP, CL3P, CL2P, CMR, CL3R, CL2R,
CL2
CMG, CM, PLIC, CL3
CL3X
CMP, CL3P, CMR, CL3R, CMG, CM, PLIC, CL3, CMX
CL2X
CMP, CL3P, CL2P, CMR, CL3R, CL2R,
CMG, CM, PLIC, CL3, CL2, CMX, CL3X
FPLP
CMP
FPLR
CMP, FPLP, CMR
FPL
CMP, FPLP, CMR, FPLR, CMG, CM
OFNP
None
OFCP
OFNP
OFNR
OFNP
OFCR
OFNP, OFCP, OFNR
OFNG, OFN
OFNP, OFNR
OFCG, OFC
OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFN None
Part II. Listing Requirements
722.179 Listing and Marking of Cables. Cables installed in buildings shall be listed in accordance with 722.179(A) and marked in accordance with 722.179(B), and they shall be permitted to be marked in accordance with 722.179(C).
Exception: Optical fiber cables that are installed in compliance with 770.48 shall not be required to be listed.
(A) Listing of Cables. Cables installed as wiring methods within buildings shall be listed as resistant to the spread of fire and other criteria in accordance with 722.179(A) (1) through (A) (16).
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 13, Standard for Power-Limited Cirruit Cables, for applicable requirements for listing of Class 2 and Class 3 cable and power-limited tray cable (PLTC).
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 1424, Cables for Power-Limited Fire-Alarm Circuits, for applicable requirements for listing of power-limited fire alarm cable.
Informational Note No. 3: See UL 1651, Optical Fiber Cable, for applicable requirements for listing of optical fiber cable.
Informational Note No. 4: See UL 1400-2, Outline for Fault- Managed Power Systems - Part 2: Requirements for Class 4 Cables, for applicable requirements for listing of Class 4 cable.
(1) Plenum Cable. Plenum cable shall be listed as suitable for use in ducts, plenums, and other space for environmental air and shall be listed as having adequate fire-resistant and low- smoke producing characteristics. Refer to Table 722.179(B) for plenum cable types.
Informational Note: See NFPA 262-2019, Standard Method of Test for Flame Travel and Smoke of Wires and Cables for Use in Air- Handling Spaces, for the test method used to determine that a cable is low-smoke producing and fire resistant, exhibiting a maximuin peak optical density of 0.50 or less, an average optical
density of 0.15 or less, and a maximum flame spread distance of 1.52 m (5 ft) or les.s.
(2) Riser Cable. Riser cable shall be listed as suitable for use in a vertical run in a shaft or from floor to floor and shall be listed as having fire-resistant characteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1666-2012, Test for Flame Prop- agation Height of Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cable Installed Vertically in Shafts, for the cable requirements defining fire-resistant char- acteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
(3) General-Purpose Cable. General-purpose cable shall be listed as resistant to the spread of fire and as suitable for general-purpose use, except for use in risers, ducts, plenums, and other space used for environmental air.
Informational Note: See UL 2556, Wire and Cable Test Methods, for defining resistant to the spread of fire. One method is to demonstrate that the cables do not spread fire to the top of the tray in the UL Flame Exposure, Vertical Tray Flame Test. The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
A method of defining resistant to the spread of fire is for the damage (char length) not to exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.) when performing the FT4, Vertical Flame Test.
(4) Alternative General-Purpose Cable. Alternative general- purpose optical fiber cable shall be listed as suitable for general-purpose use, with the exception of risers and plenums, and shall also be resistant to the spread of fire.
Informational Note: See CSA C22.2 No. 0.3-M-2001, Test Methods for Electrical Wires and Cables, for the CSA vertical flame test - cables in cable trays, that can also be used to define resistance to the spread of fire when the damage (char length) does not exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.).
(5) Limited-Use Cable. Limited-use cable shall be listed as suit- able for use in dwellings and raceways and shall be listed as resistant to flame spread.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 2556, Standard for Wire and Cable Test Methods, for one method of detennining that cable is resistant to flame spread by testing the cable to the FV-2/VW-1 test.
(6) Type PLTC. Typc PLTC nonmetallic-shcathed, power- limited tray cable shall be listed as being suitable for cable trays, resistant to the spread of fire, and sunlight- and moisture- resistant. Type PLTC cable used in a wet location shall be listed for use in wet locations and marked "wet" or "wet location."
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1685-2010, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables, for the UL flame exposure, vertical tray flame test that is used to determine resistance to the spread of fire when cables do not spread fire to the top of the tray. The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
See CSA C22.2 No. 0.3-M-2001, Test Methods for Electrical Wires and Cables, for the CSA vertical flame test - cables in cable trays that can also be used to define resistance to the spread of fire when the damage (char length) does not exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.).
(7) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cable, Fire-Resistive Cable System, or Electrical Circuit Protective System. Cables that are used for survivability of critical circuits under fire conditions shall comply with cither 722.179(A) (7)(a), (A) (7) (b), or (A) (7) (c).
Informational Note: See NFPA 72, National Fire Alarm and Signal- ing Code, 12.4.3 and 12.4.4, for additional information on fire
70-656
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
CMUC
ARTICLE 722 - CABLES FOR POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS AND FAULT-MANAGED POWER CIRCUITS
722.179
alarn CI cable, fire-resistive cable systems, or electrical circuit protective systems used for fire alarm circuits to comply with the survivability requirements to maintain the circuit's electrical function during fire conditions for a defined period of time.
(a) CI Cables. CI cables of the types specified in 722.179(A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3), (A)(4), and (A)(6) and used for survivability of critical circuits shall be marked with the additional classification using the suffix "CI." To maintain its listed fire-resistive rating, CI cable shall only be installed in frec air in accordance with 722.24(C). CI cables shall only bc permitted to be installed in a raceway where specifically listed and marked as part of a fire-resistive cable system as covered in 722.179(A) (7)(b).
Informational Note: See UL 2196, Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables,and UL 1425, Cables for Non-Power-Limited Fire-Alarm Circuits, for information on establishing a rating for CI cable. The UL. Guide Information for Nonpower-limited Fire Alarm Circuits (HNHT) contains information to identify the cable and its installation limitations to maintain the fire-resistive rating.
(b) Fire-Resistive Cables. Fire-resistive cables of the types specified in 722.179(A) (1), (A) (2), (A) (3), (A)(4), (A)(6), and (A) (7) (a) that are part of a fire-resistive cable system shall be identified with the system identifier and hourly rating marked on the protectant or the smallest unit container and installed in accordance with the listing of the system.
Informational Note: See UL 2196, Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for information on establishing a rating for a fire-resistive cable system. The UI. Guide Information for Electrical Cirruit Integrity Systems (FHIT) contains infonnation to identify the system and its installation limitations to maintain a minimum fire-resistive rating.
(c) Electrical Circuit Protective System. Protectants for cables of the types specified in 722.179(A) (1), (A) (2), (A) (3), (A) (4), and (A) (6) that are part of an electrical circuit protective system shall be identified with the protective system identifier and hourly rating marked on the protectant or the smallest unit container and installed in accordance with the listing of the protective system.
Informational Note: See UL 1724, Fire Tests for Electrical Circuit Protective Systems, for infonnation on establishing a rating for an electrical circuit protective system. The UI. Guide Information for Electrical Cirruit Integrity Systems (FHIT) contains infonnation to identify the system and its installation limitations to maintain the fire-resistive rating.
(8) Class 3 Single Conductors. Class 3 single conductors used as other wiring within buildings shall be listed Type CL3 and shall not be smaller than 18 AWG.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1685-2010, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables, for the UL flame exposure, vertical tray flame test that is used to determine resistance to the spread of fire when cables do not spread fire to the top of the tray. The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
See CSA C22.2 No. 0.3-M-2001, Test Methods for Electrical Wires and Cables, for the CSA vertical flame test - cables in cable trays that can also be used to define resistance to the spread of fire when the damage (char length) does not exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.).
(9) Limited Power (LP) Cable. Class 2 and Class 3 LP cables shall be listed as suitable for carrying power and data up to a specified current limit for cach conductor without exceeding
the temperature rating of the cable. The cables shall be marked with the suffix "-LP (XXA)" where XXA designates the current limit in amperes per conductor.
Informational Note: An example of the marking on 23 AWG, 4- pair, Class 2 cable rated 75 with an LP current rating of 0.6 amperes per conductor is "CL2-LP (0.6A) 75° 23 AWG 4-pair."
(10) Undercarpet Cables. Undercarpet cable shall be listed as suitable for use under carpet, floor covering, modular tiles, and planks.
Informational Note: See UL 444, Standard for Safety for Communi- cations Cables, for the compressive loading test used to deternine the suitability of cable for undercarpet use.
(11) Wet Locations. Cable used in a wet location shall be listed for use in wet locations and be marked "wet" or "wet location" or have a moisture-impervious metal sheath.
(12) Field-Assembled Optical Fiber Cables. Field-assembled optical fiber cable shall comply with 722.179(A) (12) (a) through (d).
(a) The specific combination of jacket and optical fibers intended to be installed as a field-assembled optical fiber cable shall be one of the types in 722.179(A) (1), (A)(2), or (A) (3) and shall be marked in accordance with Table 179(B).
(b) The jacket of a fieldassembled optical fiber cable shall have a surface marking indicating the specific optical fibers with which it is identified for usc.
:(c) . The optical fibers shall have a permanent marking, such as a marker tape, indicating the jacket with which they are identified for usc.
(d) The jacket without fibers shall meet the listing requirements for communications raceways in 800.182(A), (B), or (C) in accordance with the cable marking.
(13) Cables Containing Optical Fibers. Composite optical fiber cables shall be listed as electrical cables based on the type of electrical conductors.
(14) Class 2 and Class 3 Cable Voltage and Temperature Ratings. Class 2 cables shall have a voltage rating of not less than 150 volts. Class 3 cables shall have a voltage rating of not less than 300 volts. Class 2 and Class 3 cables shall have a temperature rating of not less than 60 (140°F).
(15) Power-Limited Fire Alarm (PLFA) Cables. PFLA cables shall comply with 722.179(A) (15) (a) through (A) (15) (d).
(a) Conductors for cables, other than coaxial cables, shall be solid or stranded copper. Coaxial cables shall be permitted to use 30 percent conductivity copper-covered steel center conductor wirc.
(b) The size of conductors in a multiconductor cable shall not be smaller than 26 AWG. Single conductors shall not be smaller than 18 AWG. Conductors of 26 AWG shall be permitted only where spliced with a connector listed as suitable for 26 AWG to 24 AWG or larger conductors that are termina- ted on equipment or where the 26 AWG conductors are termi- nated on equipment listed as suitable for 26 AWG conductors.
(c) Cables shall have a voltage rating of not less than 300 volts.
(d) Cables shall have a temperature rating of not less than 60° (140°F).
(16) Class 4 Cable Construction.
(1) Sizes. Conductors of sizes not smaller than 24 AWG shall be permitted to be used.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-657
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
722.179
ARTICLE 724 -CLASS 1 POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS
(2) Insulation. Insulation on conductors shall be rated not less than 450 volts dc.
(3) Voltage Rating. Cables shall have a voltage rating of not less than 450 volts dc. Voltage ratings shall not be marked on the cables.
(4) Temperature Rating. Cables shall have a temperature rating of not less than 60 (140°F).
(5) Cabling. Cables shall comply with any requirements provi- ded in the listing of the system.
Informational Note: See UL 1400-1, Outline for Fault-Managed Power Distribution Technologies - Part 1: General Requirements, for information on determining applicable requirements for the listing of Class 4 power systems. Excessive cable lengths can result in higher capacitance which could affect the safety of the circuit.
(B) Marking. Cables shall be durably marked on the surface in accordance with the following:
(1) The AWG size or circular mil arca shall be repeated at intervals not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.).
(2) All other markings shall be repeated at intervals not exceeding 1.0 m (40 in.).
(3) The proper type designation for the type of cable shall be marked in accordance with Table 722.179(B).
(4) The manufacturer's name, trademark, or other distinctive marking by which the organization responsible for the product can be readily identified shall be marked.
(5) The AWG size or circular mil arca shall be marked.
Informational Note No. 1: See Chapter 9, Table 8, for conductor area expressed in SI units for conductor sizes specified in AWG or circular mil area.
(6) The temperature rating for a temperature rating exceed- ing 60° (140°F) shall be marked.
Informational Note No. 2: A minimum temperature rating of 60 is assumed for cables not marked with a temperature rating.
(7) Voltage ratings shall not be marked on the cables.
Exception: Voltage markings shall be permitted where the cable has multiple listings and a voltage marking is required for one or more of the listings.
Informational Note No. 3: Voltage markings on cables could be misinterpreted to suggest that the cables may be suitable for Class 1 electric lightand power applications.
Informational Note No. 4: Cable types are listed in descending order of fire resistance rating.
(C) Optional Markings. Cables shall be permitted to be surface marked to indicate special characteristics of the cable materials.
Informational Note No. 1: Examples of these characteristics include, but are not limited to, limited smoke, halogen free, low smoke and halogen free, and sunlight resistant.
Informational Note No. 2: Some examples of optional markings are STI to indicate limited smoke characteristics. See UL 2556, Wine and Cable Test Methods, HF to indicate halogen free. See in UL 2885, Outline of Investigation for Acid Gas, Acidity and Conductivity of Combusted Materials; and LSHF to indicate halogen free and low-smoke characteristics. See IEC 61034-2, Measurement of smoke density of cables burning under defined conditions - Part 2: Test procedure and requirements.
Table 722.179(B) Cable Type Markings
Cable Type
Cable Marking
Class 4 plenum cable
CL4P
Class 3 plenum cable
CL3P
Class 2 plenum cable CL2P
Power-limited fire alarm plenum cable
FPLP
Nonconductive optical fiber plenum cable
OFNP
Conductive optical fiber plenum cable Class 4 riser cable
CLAR
Class 3 riser cable
CL3R
Class 2 riser cable
CL2R
Power-limited fire alarm riser cable
FPLR
Nonconductive optical fiber riser cable
OFNR
Conductive optical fiber riser cable
OFCR
Class 4 general-purpose cable
CL4
Class 3 general-purpose cable
CL3
Class 2 general-purpose cable CL2
Power-limited fire alarm cable FPL
Nonconductive general-purpose optical fiber cable
OFN
Conductive general-purpose optical fiber cable
OFC
Alternative nonconductive general- OFNG
purpose optical fiber cable
Alternative conductive general-purpose OFCG
optical fiber cable
Class 3 cable - limited use
CL3X
Class 2 cable - limited use
CL2X
Undercarpet cable
CMUC
Note: All types of CL2, CL3, and FPL cables containing optical fibers are provided with the suffix "-OF."
ARTICLE 724 Class 1 Power-Limited Circuits and Class 1 Power-Limited Remote-Control and Signaling Circuits
724.1 Scope. This article covers Class 1 circuits, including power-limited Class 1 remote-control and signaling circuits, that are not an integral part of a device or utilization cquip- ment.
Informational Note: See 300.26 for classifications of remote- control and signaling circuits.
724.3 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, circuits and equipment shall comply with 724.3(A) through (J).
(A) Number and Size of Conductors in Raceway. The number and size of conductors shall comply with 300.17.
(B) Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Installation of Class 1 circuits shall comply with 300.21.
(C) Ducts, Plenums, and Other Air-Handling Spaces. Class 1 circuits installed in ducts, plenums, and other spaces used for environmental air shall comply with 300.22.
70-658
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
OFCP
724.45
ARTICLE 724 -CLASS I POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS
(D) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Class 1 circuits shall not be installed in any hazardous (classified) locations except as permitted by other articles of this Code.
(E) Cable Trays. Cable tray installations shall comply with Parts I and II of Article 392.
(F) Raceways Exposed to Different Temperatures. Installation of raccways shall comply with 300.7 (A).
(G) Vertical Support for Fire-Rated Cables and Conductors. Vertical installations of circuit integrity (CI) cables and conduc- tors installed in a raceway or conductors and cables of electrical circuit protective systems shall comply with 300.19.
(H) Bushings. Bushings shall be installed where cables emerge from raceways used for mechanical support or protection in accordance with 300.15(C).
(I) Installation of Conductors With Other Systems. Installa- tion of conductors with other systems shall comply with 300.8.
(J) Identification of Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment grounding conductors shall be identified in accord- ance with 250.119.
724.21 Access to Electrical Equipment Behind Panels Designed to Allow Access. Access to electrical equipment shall not be denied by an accumulation of wires and cables preventing the removal of panels, including suspended ceiling panels.
724.24 Mechanical Execution of Work. Class 1 circuits shall be installed in a neat and workmanlike manner. Cables and conductors installed exposed on the surfaces of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure such that the cable will not be damaged by normal building usc. Such cables shall be supported by straps, staples, hangers, cable ties, or similar fittings that are designed and installed to not damage the cable. The installation shall also comply with the require- ments of 300.4 and 300.11.
Informational Note: Paint, plaster, cleaners, abrasives, corrosive residues, or other contaminants can result in an undetermined alteration of Class 1 cable properties.
724.30 Class 1 Circuit Identification. Class 1 circuits shall be identified at terminal and junction locations in a manner that prevents unintentional interference with other circuits during testing and servicing.
724.31 Safety-Control Equipment. If controlling safety-control equipment, Class 1 circuits shall be provided with physical protection if the failure of such equipment to operate introdu- ces a direct fire or life hazard. All conductors of such circuits shall be installed in rigid metal conduit, intermediate metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, electrical metallic tubing, Type .VI cable, or Type VIC cable, or be otherwise suitably protected from physical damage.
724.40 Class 1 Circuits. Class 1 circuits shall be supplied from a source with a rated output of not more than 30 volts and 1000 volt-amperes.
(A) Class 1 Transformers. Transformers shall be permitted to supply Class 1 circuits.
Informational Note: See Parts I and II of Article 450 for informa- tion on transformers used to supply a Class 1 circuit.
(B) Other Class 1 Power Sources. Power sources other than transformers shall be protected by overcurrent devices rated at
not more than 167 percent of the volt-ampere rating of the source divided by the rated voltage. The overcurrent devices shall not be interchangeable with overcurrent devices of higher ratings. The overcurrent device shall be permitted to be an integral part of the power supply.
To comply with the 1000 volt-ampere limitation of 724.40, the maximum output (VAmax) of power sources other than transformers shall be limited to 2500 volt-amperes, and the product of the maximum current (Inxx) and maximum voltage (Vmax) shall not exceed 10,000 volt-amperes. These ratings shall be determined with any overcurrent-protective device bypassed.
VAmax is the maximum volt-ampere output after one minute of operation regardless of load and with overcurrent protection bypasscd, if used. Current-limiting impedance shall not be bypassed when determining VAmax-
Inxx is the maximum output current under any noncapacitive load, including short circuit, and with overcurrent protection bypasscd, if used. Current-limiting impedance should not be bypassed when determining Inxx. Where a current-limiting impedance listed for the purpose or as part of a listed product is used in combination with a stored energy source, such as a storage battery, to limit the output current, Imax limits apply after 5 seconds.
Vmaxis the maximum output voltage regardless of load with rated input applicd.
724:43 Class 1 Circuit Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection for conductors 14 AWG and larger shall be provided in accordance with the conductor ampacity, without applying the ampacity adjustment and correction factors specified in 310.15 to the ampacity calculation. Overcurrent protection shall not exceed 7 amperes for 18 AWG conductors and 10 amperes for 16 AWG.
Exception: Where other articles of this Code permit or require other over- current protection.
724.45 Class 1 Circuit Overcurrent Device Location. Overcur- rent devices shall be located as specified in 724.45(A) through (E).
(A) Point of Supply. Overcurrent devices shall be located at the point where the conductor to be protected receives its supply.
(B) Feeder Taps. Class 1 circuit conductors shall be permitted to be tapped, without overcurrent protection at the tap, where the overcurrent device protecting the circuit conductor is sized to protect the tap conductor.
(C) Branch-Circuit Taps. Class 1 circuit conductors 14 AWG and larger that are tapped from the load side of the overcur- rent protective device(s) of a controlled light and power circuit shall require only short-circuit and ground-fault protection and shall be permitted to be protected by the branch-circuit over- current protective device(s) where the rating of the protective device(s) is not more than 300 percent of the ampacity of the Class 1 circuit conductor.
(D) Primary Side of Transformer. Class 1 circuit conductors supplied by the secondary of a single-phase transformer having only a 2-wire (single-voltage) secondary shall be permitted to be protected by overcurrent protection provided on the primary side of the transformer if the protection is in accord- ance with 450.3 and does not exceed the value determined by
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-659
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
724.45
ARTICLE 724 -CLASS 1 POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS
multiplying the secondary conductor ampacity by the secondary-to-primary transformer voltage ratio. Transformer secondary conductors other than 2-wire shall not be considered to be protected by the primary overcurrent protection.
(E) Input Side of Electronic Power Source. Class 1 circuit conductors supplied by the output of a single-phase, listed elec- tronic power source other than a transformer having only a 2- wirc (single-voltage) output for connection to Class 1 circuits shall be permitted to be protected by overcurrent protection provided on the input side of the electronic power source if the protection does not exceed the value determined by multiply- ing the Class 1 circuit conductor ampacity by the output-to- input voltage ratio. Electronic power source outputs other than 2-wirc (single voltage) shall not be considered to be protected by the primary overcurrent protection.
724.46 Class 1 Circuit Wiring Methods. Class 1 circuits shall be installed in accordance with 300.2through 300.26.
Exception No. 1: The requirements of 724.48 through 724.51 shall be permitted to apply in installations of Class 1 circuits.
Exception No. 2: Methods permitted or required by other articles of this Code shall apply to installations of Class 1 circuits.
724.48 Conductors of Different Circuits in the Same Cable, Cable Tray, Enclosure, or Raceway. Class 1 circuits shall be permitted to be installed with other circuits as specified in 724.48(A) and (B).
(A) Two or More Class 1 Circuits. Class 1 circuits shall be permitted to occupy the same cable, cable tray, enclosure, or raceway regardless of whether the individual circuits are alter- nating current or direct current if all conductors are insulated for the maximum voltage of any conductor in the cable, cable tray, enclosure, or raceway.
(B) Class 1 Circuits with Power-Supply Circuits. Class 1 circuits shall be permitted to be installed with power-supply conductors as specified in 724.48(B) (1) through (B) (4).
(1) In Cables, Enclosures, or Raceways. Class I circuits and power-supply circuits shall be permitted to occupy the same cable, enclosure, or raceway without a barrier only where the equipment powered is functionally associatedl Class 1 circuits shall be permitted to be installed together with the conductors of electric light, power, non-power-limited fire alarm systems, and medium-power network-powered broadband communica- tions circuits where separated by a barrier.
(2) In Factory- or Field-Assembled Control Centers. Class 1 circuits and power supply circuits shall be permitted to be installed in factory- or field-assembled control centers.
(3) In Manholes. Class 1 circuits and power supply circuits shall be permitted to be installed as underground conductors in manholes in accordance with one of the following:
(1) The power-supply or Class 1 circuit conductors are in metal-enclosed cable or Type UF cable.
(2) The conductors are permanently separated from power- supply conductors by continuous firmly fixed nonconduc- tors, such as flexible tubing, in addition to insulation on the wirc.
(3) The conductors are permanently and effectively separa- ted from power-supply conductors and securely fastened to racks, insulators, or other approved supports.
(4) In Cable Trays. Installations in cable trays shall comply with the requirements of one of the following:
(1) Class 1 circuit conductors and power-supply conductors not functionally associated with the Class 1 circuit conductors shall be separated by a solid fixed barrier of a material compatible with the cable tray.
(2) Class 1 circuit conductors and power-supply conductors not functionally associated with the Class 1 circuit conductors shall be permitted to be installed in a cable tray without barriers where all of the conductors arc installed with separate multiconductor Type AC, Typc .MIC, Type MI, or Type TC cables and all the conductors in the cables are insulated at 600 volts or greater.
724.49 Class 1 Circuit Conductors.
(A) Sizes and Use. Conductors that are 18 AWG and 16 AWG shall be permitted to be used if they supply loads that do not exceed the ampacities specified in 402.5 and are installed in a raceway, an approved enclosure, or a listed cable. Conductors larger than 16 AWG shall not supply loads greater than the ampacitics specified in 310.14. Flexible cords shall comply with the requirements of Article 400.
(B) Insulation. Insulation on conductors shall be rated for the system voltage and not less than 600 volts. Conductors larger than 16 AWG. shall comply with the requirements of Article 310. Conductors that are 18 AWG and 16 AWG shall be Type FFH-2, Type KF-2, Type KFF-2, Typc PAF, Type PAFF, Typc PF, Typc PFF, Typc PGF, Typc PGFF, Type PTF, Typc PTFF, Typc RFH-2, Type RFHH-2, Type RFHH-3, Typc SF-2, SFF-2, Type TF, Type TFF, Type TFFN, Type TFN, Type ZF, or Type ZFF. Conductors with other types and thicknesses of insulation shall be permitted if listed for Class 1 circuit usc.
724.51 Number of Conductors in Cable Trays and Raceways, and Ampacity Adjustment.
(A) Class 1 Circuit Conductors. Where only Class 1 circuit conductors are in a raceway, the number of conductors shall be determined in accordance with 300.17. The ampacity adjust- ment factors specified in 310.15(C) (1) shall apply only if such conductors carry continuous loads in excess of 10 percent of the ampacity of cach conductor.
(B) Power-Supply Conductors and Class 1 Circuit Conductors. Where power-supply conductors and Class 1 circuit conductors are permitted in a raceway in accordance with 724.48, the number of conductors shall be determined in accordance with 300.17. The ampacity adjustment factors specified in 310.15(C) (1) shall apply as follows:
(1) To all conductors where the Class 1 circuit conductors carry continuous loads in excess of 10 percent of the ampacity of cach conductor and where the total number of conductors is more than three
(2) To the power-supply conductors only, where the Class 1 circuit conductors do not carry continuous loads in excess of 10 percent of the ampacity of cach conductor and where the number of power-supply conductors is more than three
(C) Class 1 Circuit Conductors in Cable Trays. Where Class 1 circuit conductors are installed in cable trays, they shall comply with the requirements of 392.22 and 392.80(A).
70-660
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
725.60
ARTICLE 725 - CLASS 2 AND CLASS 3 POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS
724.52 Circuits Extending Beyond One Building. Class 1 circuits that extend acrially beyond one building shall also meet the requirements of Part I of Article 225.
ARTICLE 725 Class 2 and Class 3 Power-Limited Circuits
Part I. General
725.1 Scope. This article covers power-limited circuits, includ- ing power-limited remote-control and signaling circuits, that are not an integral part of a device or of utilization equipment.
Informational Note No. 1: The circuits described herein are characterized by usage and electrical power limitations that differentiate them from electric light and power circuits; there- fore, alternative requirements are given regarding minimum wire sizes, ampacity adjustinent and correction factors, overcur- rent protection, insulation requirements, and wiring methods and materials.
Informational Note No. 2: See 300.26 for classifications of remote-control and signaling circuits.
725.3 Other Articles. In addition to the requirements of this article, circuits and equipment shall comply with the articles or sections listed in 725.3(A) through (E). Only those sections of Article 300 referenced in this article shall apply to Class 2 and Class 3 circuits.
(A) Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Installation of Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall comply with 300.21.
(B) Ducts, Plenums, and Other Air-Handling Spaces. Class 2 and Class 3 circuits installed in ducts, plenums, or other space used for environmental air shall comply with 300.22.
(C) Motor Control Circuits. Motor control ,circuits tapped from the load side of the motor branch-circuit protective device(s) as specified in 430.72(A) shall comply with Part IV of Article 430.
(D) Identification of Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment grounding conductors shall be identified in accord- ance with 250.119.
(E) Cables for Class 2 and Class 3 Circuits. The listing and installation of cables for Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall comply with Part I and Part II of Article 722.
725.10 Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Cables and cquip- ment shall be permitted to be used in hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by other articles in this Code.
725.21 Access to Electrical Equipment Behind Panels Designed to Allow Access. Access to electrical equipment shall not be denied by an accumulation of wires and cables that prevents removal of panels, including suspended ceiling panels.
725.24 Mechanical Execution of Work. Class 2 and Class 3 equipment shall be installed in a neat and workmanlike manner. The installation shall also comply with 300.4 and 300.11.
725.30 Class 2 and Class 3 Circuit Identification. Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall be identified at terminal and junction loca- tions in a manner that prevents unintentional interference with other circuits during testing and servicing.
725.31 Safety-Control Equipment. Where damage to power- limited circuits can result in a failure of safety-control equip- ment that would introduce a direct fire or life hazard, the power-limited circuits shall be installed in accordance with 724.31. Room thermostats, water temperature regulating devi- ces, and similar controls used in conjunction with electrically controlled household heating and air conditioning shall not be considered safety-control equipment.
Part II. Class 2 and Class 3 Circuits
725.60 Power Sources for Class 2 and Class 3 Circuits.
(A) Power Source. The power source for a Class 2 or a Class 3 circuit shall be as follows:
Informational Note No. 1: Informational Note Figure 725.60 illustrates the relationships hetween Class 2 or Class 3 power sources, their supply, and the Class 2 or Class 3 circuits.
Informational Note No. 2: See Chapter 9, Table 11 (A) and Table 11(B), for requirements for listed Class 2 and Class 3 power sources.
(1) A listed Class 2 or Class 3 transformer
(2): A listed Class 2 or Class 3 power supply
(3) Other listed equipment marked to identify the Class 2 or Class 3 power source
Exception No. 1 to (3): Thermocouples shall not require listing as a Class 2 power source.
Exception No. 2 to (3): Limited power circuits of listed equipment where these circuits have energy levels rated at or below the limits established in Chapter 9, Table 11(A) and Table 11(B).
Informational Note No. 3: Examples of other listed equipment are as follows:
(1) A circuit card listed for use as a Class 2 or Class 3 power source where used as part of a listed assembly
(2) A current-limiting impedance, listed for the purpose, or part of a listed product, used in conjunction with a non- power-limited transformer or a stored energy source, for example, storage battery, to limit the output current
(3) A thermocouple
(4) Limited voltage/current or limited impedance secondary communications circuits of listed industrial control equip- ment
(4) Listed audio/video, information technology (computer), communications, and industrial equipment limited-power circuits
Informational Note No. 4: One way to determine applica- ble requirements for listing of information technology (computer) equipment is to refer to UL 60950-1-2011, Standard for Safety of Information Technology Equipment. Another way to determine applicable requirements for listing of audio/video, information technology, and communications equipment is
to refer to UL 62368-1-2014, Safety of audio/video, information and communication technology equipment. Typically such circuits are used to interconnect data circuits for the purpose of exchanging information data. One way to detennine applicable requirements for listing of industrial equip-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-661
725.60
ARTICLE 725 -CLASS 2 AND CLASS 3 POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS
ment is to refer to UL 61010-2-201, Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, contml, and laboratory use - Part 2-201: Particular requirements for control equipment, and/or UL 61800-5-1, Adjustable speed electrical power drive systems - Part 5-1: Safety requirements - Electrical, thennal and energy.
(5) A battery source or battery source system that is listed and identified as Class 2
(B) Interconnection of Power Sources. Class 2 or Class 3 power sources shall not have the output connections paralleled or otherwise interconnected unless listed for such interconnec- tion.
(C) Marking. The equipment supplying the circuits shall be durably marked where plainly visible to indicate cach circuit that is a Class 2 or Class 3 circuit. The power sources for limited power circuits in 725.60(A) (3), limited power circuits for listed audio/video equipment, listed information technology cquip- ment, listed communications equipment, and listed industrial equipment in 725.60(A) (4) shall have a label indicating the maximum voltage and rated current output per conductor for cach connection point on the power source. Where multiple connection points have the same rating, a single label shall be permitted to be used.
Informational Note No. 1: Rated current for power sources covered in 725.144 is the output current per conductor the power source is designed to deliver to an operational load at normal operating conditions, as declared by the manufacturer.
Informational Note No. 2: An example of a label is "52V @ 0.433A, 57V MAX" for an IEEE 802.3 compliant Class 8 power source.
725.127 Wiring Methods on Supply Side of the Class 2 or Class 3 Power Source. Conductors and equipment on the supply side of the power source shall be installed in accordance with the appropriate requirements of Chapters 1 through 4.
Exception: The input leads of a transformer or other power source supplying Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall be permitted to be smaller than 14 AWG but not smaller than 18 AWG if they are protected by an overcurrent device rated not over 20 amperes, are not over 305 mm (12 in.) long, and have insulation that complies with 724.49(B).
725.130 Wiring Methods and Materials on Load Side of the Class 2 or Class 3 Power Source. Class 2 and Class 3 circuits on the load side of the power source shall be permitted to be
Power source- 725.60(A)(1) through (A)(5)
Class 2 or Class 3 connected equipment
1
Supply (0 to 1000 volts ac or dc)
Power source- 725.60(A)(1) through (A)(5)
Class 2 or Class 3 connected equipment
1
1
Power source- 725.60(A)(1) through (A)(5)
Class 2 or Class 3 connected equipment
1
725.127
725.130
1
K
Article 725 and Article 722
Informational Note Figure 725.60 Class 3 Circuits.
Class 2 and
installed using wiring methods and materials in accordance with 725.130(A), (B), or a combination of both. Parts I and II of Article 722 shall apply.
(A) Class 1 Wiring Methods and Materials. Use of Class 1 wiring methods for Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall be permit- ted. Separation from electric light, power, Class 1, non-power- limited fire alarm circuit conductors, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications cables shall comply with 725.136.
Exception: The ampacity adjustment factors given in 310.15(C)(1) shall not apply.
(B) Class 2 and Class 3 Wiring Methods and Materials. Conductors on the load side of the power source shall be insu- lated in accordance with 722.179 and be installed in accord- ance with 722.135 and 725.136 through 725.144.
Exception No. 1: As provided for in 620.21 for elevators and similar equipment.
Exception No. 2: Other wiring methods and materials installed in accordance with 725.3 shall be permitted to extend or replace the conductors and cables described in 722.179(A) and permitted by 725.130(B).
Exception No. 3: Bare Class 2 conductors shall be permitted as part of a listed intrusion protection system where installed in accordance with the listing instructions for the system.
725.136 Separation from Electric Light, Power, Class 1, Non- Power-Limited Fire Alarm Circuit Conductors, and Medium- Power Network-Powered Broadband Communications Cables.
(A) General. Cables and conductors of Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall not be placed in any cable, cable tray, compart- ment, enclosure, manhole, outlet box, device box, raceway, or similar fitting with conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm circuits, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits unless permitted by 725.136(B) through (I).
(B) Separated by Barriers. Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall be permitted to be installed together with the conductors of elec- tric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are separated by a barrier.
(C) Raceways Within Enclosures. In enclosures, Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall be permitted to be installed in a raceway to separate them from Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits.
(D) Associated Systems Within Enclosures. Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors in compartments, enclosures, device boxes, outlet boxes, or similar fittings shall be permitted to be instal- led with electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are introduced solely to connect the equipment connected to Class 2 and Class 3 circuits, and where one of the following applies:
(1) The electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit conductors are routed to main- tain a minimum of 6 mm (0.25 in.) separation from the conductors and cables of Class 2 and Class 3 circuits.
70-662
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
725.139
ARTICLE 725 - CLASS 2 AND CLASS 3 POWER-LIMITED CIRCUITS
(2) The circuit conductors operate at 150 volts or less to ground and comply with one of the following:
a. The Class 2 and Class 3 circuits are installed using Type CL3, Typc CL3R, or Type CL3P or permitted substitute cables if these Class 3 cable conductors extending beyond the jacket are separated by a mini- mum of 6 mm (0.25 in.) or by a nonconductive sleeve or nonconductive barrier from all other conductors.
b. The Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors are instal- led as a Class 1 circuit in accordance with 724.40.
(E) Enclosures with Single Opening. Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors entering compartments, enclosures, device boxes, outlet boxes, or similar fittings shall be permitted to be instal- led with Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium- power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are introduced solely to connect the equipment connected to Class 2 and Class 3 circuits. Where Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors must enter an enclosure that is provi- ded with a single opening, they shall be permitted to enter through a single fitting (such as a tec) if the conductors arc separated from the conductors of the other circuits by a contin- uous and firmly fixed nonconductor, such as flexible tubing.
(F) Manholes. Underground Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors in a manhole shall be permitted to be installed with Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where one of the following conditions is met:
(1) The electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit conductors are in a metal- enclosed cable or Type UF cable.
(2) The Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors are perma- nently and effectively separated from the conductors of other circuits by a continuous and firmly fixed noncon- ductor, such as flexible tubing, in addition to the insula- tion or covering on the wirc.
(3) The Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors are perma- nently and effectively separated from conductors of the other circuits and securely fastened to racks, insulators, or other approved supports.
(G) Cable Trays. Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors shall be permitted to be installed in cable trays where the conduc- tors of the electric light, Class }, and non-power-limited fire alarm circuits are separated by a solid fixed barrier of a mate- rial compatible with the cable tray or where the Class 2 or Class 3 circuits are installed in Type MC cable.
(H) Where Protected. Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall be permitted to be installed together with the conductors of elec- tric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are installed using Class 1 wiring methods in accordance with 724.46 and where they are protected by an approved raceway.
(I) Other Applications. For other applications, conductors of Class 2 and Class 3 circuits shall be separated by at least 50 mm (2 in.) from conductors of any electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, or medium-power network- powered broadband communications circuits unless one of the following conditions is met:
(1) Either all of the electric light, power, Class 1, non-power- limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit conductors or all of the Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors are in a raceway or in metal-shcathed, metal-clad, nonmetallic-sheathed, Type TC, or Type UF cables.
(2) All of the electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broad- band communications circuit conductors are perma- nently separated from all of the Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconduc- tor, such as porcelain tubes or flexible tubing, in addition to the insulation on the conductors.
725.139 Installation of Conductors of Different Circuits in the Same Cable, Enclosure, Cable Tray, Raceway, or Cable Routing Assembly.
(A) Two or More Class 2 Circuits. Conductors of two or more Class 2 circuits shall be permitted within the same cable, enclo- sure, raceway, or cable routing assembly.
(B) Two or More Class 3 Circuits. Conductors of two or more Class 3 circuits shall be permitted within the same cable, enclo- surc, raceway, or cable routing assembly.
(C) Class 2 Circuits with Class 3 Circuits. Conductors of one or more Class 2 circuits shall be permitted within the same cable, enclosure, raceway, or cable routing assembly with conductors of Class 3 circuits if the insulation of the Class 2 circuit conductors in the cable, enclosure, raceway, or cable routing assembly is at least that required for Class 3 circuits.
(D) Class 2 and Class 3 Circuits with Communications Circuits.
(1) Communications Cables. Conductors of one or more Class 2 or Class 3 circuits shall be permitted in the same cable with conductors of communications circuits if the cable is a listed communications cable installed in accordance with Part V of Article 800. The cables shall be listed as communica- tions cables.
(2) Composite Cables. Cables constructed of individually listed Class 2, Class 3, and communications cables under a common jacket shall be permitted to be classified as communi- cations cables. The fire resistance rating of the composite cable shall be determined by the performance of the composite cable.
(E) Class 2 or Class 3 Cables with Other Circuit Cables. Jack- cted cables of Class 2 or Class 3 circuits shall be permitted in the same enclosure, cable tray, raceway, or cable routing assem- bly with jacketed cables of any of the following:
(1) Power-limited fire alarm systems in compliance with Parts I and III of Article 760
(2) Nonconductive and conductive optical fiber cables in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 770
(3) Communications circuits in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 805
(4) Community antenna television and radio distribution systems in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 820
(5) Low-power, network-powered broadband communica- tions in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 830
(F) Class 2 or Class 3 Conductors or Cables and Audio System Circuits. Audio system circuits described in 640.9(C) and installed using Class 2 or Class 3 wiring methods in compliance with 722.135 shall not be installed in the same cable, raceway,
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-663
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
725.144
ARTICLE 726 -CLASS 4 FAULT-MANAGED POWER SYSTEMS
or cable routing assembly with Class 2 or Class 3 conductors or cables.
725.144 Bundling of Cables Transmitting Power and Data. Sections 725.144(A) and (B) shall apply to Class 2 and Class 3 circuits that transmit power and data to a powered device over listed cabling. Section 300.11 and Parts I and III of Article 725 shall apply to Class 2 and Class 3 circuits that transmit power and data. The conductors that carry power for the data circuits shall be copper. The current in the power circuit shall not exceed the current limitation of the connectors.
Informational Note No. 1: One example of the use of cables that transmit power and data is the connection of closed-circuit TV cameras (CCTV).
Informational Note No. 2: The 8P8C connector is in widespread use with powered communications systems. IEC 60603-7-2008, Connectors for electronic equipment - Part 7-1: Detail specification for 8-way, unshielded, fire and fixed connectors, specifies these connec- tors to have a current-carrying capacity per contact of 1.0 amperes maximum at 60° (149ºF). See IEC 60603-7 for more information on current-carrying capacity at higher and lower temperatures.
Informational Note No. 3: The requirements of Table 725.144 were derived for carrying power and data over 4-pair copper balanced twisted pair cabling. This type of cabling is described in ANSI/TIA 568-C.2-2009, Commercial Building Telerommunira- tions Cabling Standard - Part 2: Balanced Twisted-Pair Telecommuni- cations Cabling and Components.
Informational Note No. 4: See TIA-TSB-184-A-2017, Guidelines for Supporting Power Delivery Over Balanced Twisted-Pair Cabling, for information on installation and management of balanced twis- ted pair cabling supporting power delivery.
Informational Note No. 5: See ANSI/NEMA C137.3-2017, Ameri- can National Standard for Lighting Systems - Minimum Requirements for Installation of Energy Efficient Power over Ethernet (POE) Lighting Systems, for infonnation on installation of cables for PoE lighting systems.
Informational Note No. 6: Rated current for power. sources covered in 725.144 is the output current per conductor the power source is designed to deliver to an operational load at normal operating conditions, as declared by the manufacturer. In the design of these systems, the actual current in a given conductor might vary from the rated current per conductor by as much as 20 percent. An increase in current in one conductor is offset by a corresponding decrease in current in one or more conductors of the same cable.
(A) Use of 4-Pair Class 2 or Class 3 Cables to Transmit Power and Data. Where Type CL3P, Typc CL2P, Typc CL3R, Type CL2R, Typc CL3, or Type CL2 4-pair cables transmit power and data, the rated current per conductor of the power source shall not exceed the ampacities in Table 725.144 at an ambient temperature of 30 (86°F). For ambient temperatures above 30°C (86°F), the correction factors in Table 310.15(B) (1)(1) or in Equation 310.15(B) shall apply.
Exception: Compliance with Table 725.144 shall not be required for installations where conductors are 24 AWG or larger and the rated current per conductor of the power source does not exceed 0.3 amperes.
Informational Note: One example of the use of Class 2 cables is a network of closed-circuit TV cameras using 24 AWG, 60 rated, Type CL2R, Category 5e balanced twisted-pair cabling.
(B) Use of Class 2-LP or Class 3-LP Cables to Transmit Power and Data. Typc CL3P-LP, Typc CL2P-LP, Typc CL3R-LP, Typc CL2R-LP, Type CL3-LP, or Type CL2-LP cables shall be permit-
ted to supply power to equipment from a power source with a rated current per conductor up to the marked current limit located immediately following the suffix "-LP" and shall be permitted to transmit data to the equipment. Where the number of bundled LP cables is 192 or less and the selected ampacity of the cables in accordance with Table 725.144 exceeds the marked current limit of the cable, the ampacity determined from the table shall be permitted to be used. For ambient temperatures above 30 (86ºF), the correction factors of Table 310.15(B) (1) (1) or Equation 310.15(B) shall apply. The Class 2-LP and Class 3-LP cables shall comply with the following, as applicable:
(1) Cables with the suffix "-LP" shall be permitted to be installed in bundles, raceways, cable trays, communica- tions raceways, and cable routing assemblies.
(2) Cables with the suffix "-LP" and a marked current limit shall follow the substitution hierarchy of 722.135(E) for the cable type without the suffix "-LP" and without the marked current limit.
(3) System design shall be permitted by qualified persons under engineering supervision.
Informational Note: An example of the marking on a 23 AWG, 4-pair, Class 2 cable rated 75 with an LP current rating of 0.6 amperes per conductor is "CL2-LP(0.6A) 75 23 AWG 4-pair". See 722.179(A)(9).
Part III. Listing Requirements
725.160 Listing and Marking of Equipment for Power and Data Transmission. The listed power source for circuits inten- ded to provide power and data over Class 2 cables to remote equipment shall be as specified in 725.60(A) (1), (A) (2), (A)(3), or (A)(4). In accordance with 725.60(B), the power sources shall not have the output connections paralleled or otherwise interconnected, unless listed for such interconnec- tion. Powered devices connected to a circuit supplying data and power shall be listed. Marking of equipment output connec- tions shall be in accordance with 725.60(C).
ARTICLE 726 Class 4 Fault-Managed Power Systems
Part I. General
726.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of wiring systems and equipment, including utilization equipment, of Class 4 fault-managed power (FMP) systems.
Informational Note No. 1: Class 4 fault-managed power systems consist of a Class 4 power transmitter and a Class 4 power receiver connected by a Class 4 cabling system. These systems are characterized by monitoring the circuit for faults and controlling the source current to ensure the energy delivered into any fault is limited. Class 4 systems differ from Class 1, Class 2, and Class 3 systems in that they are not limited for power delivered to an appropriate load. They are current limi- ted for faults between the Class 4 transmitter and Class 4 receiver.
Informational Note No. 2: The circuits described in this article are characterized by monitoring and control systems that differ-
70-664
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
726.124
ARTICLE 726 - CLASS 4 FAULT-MANAGED POWER SYSTEMS
Table 725.144 Ampacities of Each Conductor in Amperes in 4-Pair Class 2 or Class 3 Balanced Twisted-Pair Cables Based on Copper Conductors at an Ambient Temperature of 30 (86°F) with All Conductors in All Cables Carrying Current, 60 (140°F), 75 (167ºF), and 90 (194°F) Rated Cables
Number of 4-Pair Cables in a Bundle
1-7
8-19
20-37
38-61
62-91
92-192
Temperature Rating
Temperature Rating
Temperature Rating
Temperature Rating
Temperature Rating
Temperature Rating
AWG
60° 75°
90
60°
75° 90°
60
75°
90
60°
75°
90
60° 75°
90
60° 75
90
26
1.00 1.23
1.42
0.71
0.87
1.02
0.55
0.68 0.78
0.46
0.57
0.67
0.45
0.55 0.64
.NA
.VA
.VA
24
1.19
1.46
1.69
0.81
1.01 1.17
0.63
0.78
0.91
0.55 0.67
0.78
0.46
0.56 0.65
0.40
0.48
0.55
23
1.24
1.53 1.78
0.89
1.11 1.28
0.77
0.95 1.10
0.66
0.80 0.93
0.58
0.71 0.82
0.45
0.55
0.63
22
1.50
1.86 2.16
1.04
1.28 1.49
0.77
0.95
1.11
0.66
0.82 0.96
0.62
0.77 0.89
0.53
0.63 0.72
Notes:
1. For bundle sizes over 192 cables, or for conductor sizes smaller than 26 AWG, ampacities shall be permitted to be determined by qualified personnel under engineering supervision.
2. Where only half of the conductors in each cable are carrying current, the values in the table shall be permitted to be increased by a factor of 1.4. Informational Note No. 1: Elevated cable temperatures can reduce a cable's data transmission performance. For information on practices for 4-pair balanced twisted pair cabling, see TIA-TSB-184-A and 6.4.7, 6.6.3, and Annex G of ANSI/TIA-568-C.2, which provide guidance on adjustments for operating temperatures between 20 and 60.
Informational Note No. 2: The per-contact current rating of connectors can limit the maximum allowable current below the ampacity shown in Table 725.144.
entiate them from electric light and power circuits; therefore, alternative requirements to those of Chapters 1 through 4 are given.
726.3 Other Articles. The listing and installation of cables for Class 4 circuits shall comply with Article 722. Only those sections of Article 300 referenced in Article 722 shall apply to Class 4 circuits.
726.10 Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Class 4 power systems shall be permitted to be used in hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by other articles in this Code.
726.12 Uses Not Permitted. Class 4 power systems shall not be permitted in dwelling units.
726.24 Mechanical Execution of Work. Class 4 cquipment shall be installed in a neat and workmanlike manner. The installation shall also comply with 300.4 and 300.11.
Part II. Class 4 Circuits
726.121 Power Sources for Class 4 Circuits. The power source shall be a listed Class 4 power transmitter or a listed Class 4 power transmitter as part of a transmitter/receiver system and shall provide the protections in accordance with 726.121(A). Class 4 circuits shall be supplied from a power source (trans- mitter) that has a voltage output of not more than 450 volts pcak or dc.
Informational Note No. 1: Informational Note Figure 726.121 illustrates the relationships between Class 4 power transmitters (power sources), Class 4 circuits, Class 4 power receivers, and utilization equipment.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 1400-1, Outline for Fault- Managed Power Systems- Part 1: General Requirements, for informa- tion on determining applicable requirements for the listing of Class 4 power systems.
(A) Fault Management. For listing purposes, a transmitter shall interrupt an energized circuit when any of the following conditions occur on the circuit between the transmitter and receiver:
(1) A short circuit
(2) A line-to-line fault condition that presents an unaccepta- ble risk of fire or electric shock
(3) A ground-fault condition that presents an unacceptable risk of fire or electric shock
(4) An overcurrent condition
(5) A malfunction of the monitoring or control system that presents an unacceptable risk of fire or electric shock
(6) Any other condition that presents an unacceptable risk of fire or electric shock
Informational Note: See UL 1400-1, Outline for Fault-Managed Power Systems - Part 1: General Requirements, for information on determining applicable requirements for the listing of Class 4 power systems, including safe operation and limiting the risk of fire and electric shock.
726.122 Class 4 Loads. Outputs of a Class 4 receiver and power outputs of Class 4 utilization equipment shall be consid- cred a separately derived system if the outputs are used as a supply for a feeder or branch circuit.
Informational Note: Class 4 utilization equipment that does not provide power outputs is not subject to these requirements.
Exception: A Class 4 receiver with limited-power circuit outputs shall be permitted to meet the requirements of Part II of Article 725.
726.124 Class 4 Marking.
(A) Class 4 Transmitter Marking. The equipment supplying the Class 4 circuits shall be durably marked where plainly visi- ble to indicate cach circuit that is a Class 4 circuit. The marking shall also include the maximum voltage and current output for cach connection point. Where multiple connection points have the same rating, a single label shall be permitted to be used.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL. CODE
70-665
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
726.124
ARTICLE 726 - CLASS 4 FAULT-MANAGED POWER SYSTEMS
Class 4 power transmitter
Class 4 circuit
Class 4 power receiver
Utilization equipment
Supply 0-1000 volts ac or dc
Class 4 power transmitter
Class 4 circuit
Class 4 power receiver
Utilization equipment
Class 4 power transmitter
Class 4 circuit
Class 4 power receiver
Utilization equipment
Class 4 power transmitter
Class 4 circuit
Class 4 power receiver integrated in utilization equipment
Feeder or branch circuit
Class 4 system
Informational Note Figure 726.121 Class 4 Circuits.
Informational Note: An example of marking is "Class 4: +/- 190V, 5A" for a Class 4 transmitter capable of delivering 1.9 kW from 380 volts line to line.
(B) Class 4 Receiver Marking.
(1) Class 4 Circuits. A Class 4 receiver or Class 4 utilization equipment shall be durably marked where plainly visible to indicate cach circuit that is a Class 4 circuit. The marking shall include the maximum input voltage and current for cach connection point.
(2) Output Terminals and Socket Outlets. Where the Class 4 receiver or Class 4 utilization equipment has outputs, termi- nals, or socket outlets for providing power to other equipment, cach output shall be durably marked where plainly visible. The marking shall include the maximum output voltage and current for cach connection point. Where multiple connection points have the same rating, a single label shall be permitted to be used. Class 1, Class 2, and Class 3 circuits shall be identified in accordance with 724.30 or Part II of Article 725.
726.130 Terminals and Connectors.
(A) Listing. Connecting hardware used on Class 4 distribution systems shall be listed.
(B) Noninterchangeability. Connectors for Class 4 circuits shall be designed such that they are not interchangeable with non-power-limited sources located on the same premises.
(C) Guarding. Any junctions and mating connectors shall be constructed and installed to guard against inadvertent contact with live parts by persons.
726.136 Separation from Electric Light, Power, Class 1, Non- Power-Limited Fire Alarm Circuit, and Medium-Power Network-Powered Broadband Communications Cables.
(A) General. Cables and conductors of Class 4 circuits shall not be placed in any cable, cable tray, compartment, enclosure, manhole, outlet box, device box, raceway, or similar fitting with conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband
communications circuits unless permitted by 726.136(B) through (H) ...
(B) Separated by Barriers. Class 4 circuits shall be permitted to be installed together with the conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium- power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are separated by a barrier.
(C) Raceways Within Enclosures. In enclosures, Class 4 circuits shall be permitted to be installed in a raceway to sepa- rate them from Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits.
(D) Associated Systems Within Enclosures. Class 4 circuit conductors in compartments, enclosures, device boxes, outlet boxes, or similar fittings shall be permitted to be installed with electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are introduced solely to connect the equip- ment connected to Class 4 circuits, and where either of the following applics:
(1) The electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit conductors are routed to main- tain a minimum of 6 mm (0.25 in.) separation from the conductors and cables of Class 4 circuits.
(2) The non-Class 4 circuit conductors operate at 150 volts or less to ground and the Class 4 circuits are installed using Type CL4, Type CL4R, or Type CL4P cables if any CL4 cable conductors extending beyond the jacket are separated by a minimum of 6 mm (0.25 in.) or by a nonconductive sleeve or nonconductive barrier from all other conductors.
(E) Enclosures with Single Openings. Class 4 circuit conduc- tors entering compartments, enclosures, device boxes, outlet boxes, or similar fittings shall be permitted to be installed with Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are introduced solely to connect the equipment connec-
70-666
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
728.1
ARTICLE 728 - FIRE-RESISTIVE CABLE SYSTEMS
ted to Class 4 circuits. Where Class 4 circuit conductors must enter an enclosure that is provided with a single opening, they shall be permitted to enter through a single fitting (such as a tec) if the conductors are separated from the conductors of the other circuits by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconductor, such as flexible tubing.
(F) Manholes. Underground Class 4 circuit conductors in a manhole shall be permitted to be installed with Class 1, non- power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where one of the following conditions is met:
(1) The electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit conductors are in a metal- enclosed cable or Type UF cable.
(2) The Class 4 circuit conductors are permanently and cffcc- tively separated from the conductors of other circuits by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconductor, such as flexi- ble tubing, in addition to the insulation or covering on the wirc.
(3) The Class 4 circuit conductors are permanently and effec- tively separated from conductors of the other circuits and securely fastened to racks, insulators, or other approved supports.
(G) Cable Trays. Class 4 circuit conductors shall be permitted to be installed in cable trays where the conductors of the elec- tric light, Class 1, and non-power-limited fire alarm circuits are separated by a solid fixed barrier of a material compatible with the cable tray or where the Class 4 circuits are installed in Type .MC cable.
(H) Other Applications. For other applications, conductors of Class 4 circuits shall be separated by atleast 50 mm (2 in.) from conductors of any electric light, power, Class 1, non-power- limited fire alarm, or medium-power network-powered broad- band communications circuits unless one of the following conditions is met:
(1) Either all of the electric light, power, Class 1, non-power- limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit conductors or all of the Class 4 circuit conductors are in a raceway or in metal-shcathed, metal-clad, non-metallic-shcathed, Type TC, or Type UF cables
(2) All of the electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broad- band communications circuit conductors arc perma- nently separated from all of the Class 4 circuit conductors by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconductor, such as porcelain tubes or flexible tubing, in addition to the insu- lation on the conductors
726.139 Installation of Conductors of Different Circuits in the Same Cable, Enclosure, Cable Tray, Raceway, or Cable Routing Assembly.
(A) Two or More Class 4 Circuits. Conductors of two or more Class 4 circuits shall be permitted within the same cable, enclo- surc, raceway, or cable routing assembly.
(B) Class 4 Circuits With Class 2, Class 3, or Communications Circuits. Conductors of one or more Class 4 circuits shall be permitted within the same cable assembly as conductors of Class 2, Class 3, or communications circuits if the insulation of the Class 2, Class 3, or communications circuit conductors in
the cable is at least that required for Class 4 circuits. Class 4 cables shall be permitted within the same enclosure, raceway, or cable routing assembly as Class 2, Class 3, or communica- tions circuits.
(C) Class 4 Cables With Other Circuit Cables. Jackcted cables of Class 4 circuits shall be permitted in the same enclosure, cable tray, raceway, or cable routing assembly with jacketed cables of any of the following:
(1) Power-limited fire alarm systems in compliance with Parts I and III of Article 760
(2) Nonconductive and conductive optical fiber cables in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 770
(3) Communications circuits in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 805
(4) Community antenna television and radio distribution systems in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 820
(5) Low-power, network-powered broadband communica- tions in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 830
726.144 Ampacity. The ampacity of Class 4 cables shall comply with 300.15 based on the temperature rating of the Class 4 cable for conductors sized 16 AWG to 6 AWG. For conductors sized 24 AWG to 17 AWG, the Class 4 cable shall be rated for the intended ampacity as evidenced by the marking FMP-XXA, where XX is the maximum allowable ampacity permitted.
Informational Note No. 1: See 722.179(A) (16) for additional Class 4 cable requirements.
Informational Note No. 2: See U'L 1400-1, Outline of Investigation for Fault-Managed Power Systems - Part 1: General Requirements, and UL 1400-2, Outline of Fault-Managed Power Systems - Part 2: Requirements for Class 4 Cables, for information on determining maximum allowable ampacities.
Part III. Listing Requirements
726.170 Listing of Equipment for Class 4 Systems. The active components of a Class 4 system shall be listed as a Class 4 device. The listing information shall include compatible devi- ces if a listed Class 4 device depends on specific system devices for interoperability, monitoring, or control.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 1400-1, Outline for Fault- Managed Power Systems - Part I: General Requirements, for informa- tion on determining applicable requirements for the listing of Class 4 power systems.
Informational Note No. 2: An example of a dependent active device in a Class 4 system is a transmitter that relies on a particu- lar receiver or receivers as part of the monitoring and control system.
ARTICLE 728 Fire-Resistive Cable Systems
728.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of fire-resistive cables, fire-resistive conductors, and other system components used for survivability of critical circuits to ensure continued operation during a specified time under fire conditions as required in this Code.
2023Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-667
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
728.3
ARTICLE 750 - ENERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS
728.3 Other Articles. Wherever the requirements of other arti- cles of this Code and Article 728 differ, the requirements of Arti- cle 728 shall apply.
728.4 General. Fire-resistive cables and conductors and their components shall be tested and listed as a complete system, shall be designated for use in a specific system, and shall not be interchangeable between systems.
Informational Note: One method of defining the fire rating is by testing the system in accordance with UL 2196, Fire Test for Cirruit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables.
728.5 Installations. Fire-resistive cable systems installed outside the fire-rated rooms that they serve, such as the electri- cal room or the fire pump room, shall comply with the require- ments of 728.5(A) through (H) and all other installation instructions provided in the listing.
(A) Mounting. The fire-resistive cable system shall be secured to the building structure in accordance with the listing and the manufacturer's installation instructions.
(B) Supports. The fire-resistive cable system shall be suppor- ted in accordance with the listing and the manufacturer's installation instructions.
Informational Note: The supports are critical for survivability of the system. Each system has its specific support requirements.
(C) Raceways and Couplings. Where fire-resistive cable is listed to be installed in a raceway, the raceway enclosing the cable, any couplings, and any connectors shall be listed as part of the fire-resistive cable system.
The raceway fill for cach system shall comply with the listing requirements for the system and shall not be greater than the fill permitted in Chapter 9, Table 1.
Informational Note: Raceway fill might not be the same for all listed fire-resistive cable systems.
(D) Cable Trays. Cable trays used as part of a fire-resistive cable system shall be listed as part of the fire-resistive cable system.
(E) Boxes. Boxes or enclosures used as part of a fire-resistive cable system shall be listed as part of the fire-resistive cable system and shall be secured to the building structure independ- ently of the raceways or cables listed in the system.
(F) Pulling Lubricants. Fire-resistive cable installed in a race- way shall only use pulling lubricants listed as part of the fire- resistive cable system.
(G) Vertical Supports. Cables and conductors installed in vertical raceways shall be supported in accordance with the list- ing of the fire-resistive cable system and in accordance with 300.19.
(H) Splices. Only splices that are part of the listing for the fire-resistive cable system shall be used. Splices shall have manufacturer's installation instructions.
728.60 Equipment Grounding Conductor. Fire-resistive cables installed in a raceway requiring an equipment grounding conductor shall use the same fire-resistive cable described in the system unless alternative equipment grounding conductors are listed with the system. Any alternative equipment ground- ing conductors shall be marked with the system number. The
system shall specify a permissible equipment grounding conductor. If not specified, the equipment grounding conduc- tor shall be the same as the fire-resistive cable described in the system.
728.120 Marking. In addition to the marking required in 310.8, system cables and conductors shall be surface marked with the suffix "FRR" (fire-resistive rating), along with the circuit integrity duration in hours, and with the system identi- ficr.
ARTICLE 750 Energy Management Systems
750.1 Scope. This article applies to the installation and opera- tion of energy management systems.
Informational Note: Performance provisions in other codes establish prescriptive requirements that may further restrict the requirements contained in this article.
750.6 Listing. Energy management systems shall be one of the following:
(1) Listed as a complete energy management system
(2) Listed as a kit for field installation in switch or overcur- rent device enclosures
(3) Listed individual components assembled as a system
750.20 Alternate Power Sources. An energy management system shall not override any control necessary to ensure continuity of an alternate power source for the following:
(1) Fire pumps
(2) Health care facilities
(3) Emergency systems
(4) Legally required standby systems
(5) Critical operations power systems
750.30 Load Management. Energy management systems shall be permitted to monitor and control electrical loads and sour- ces in accordance with 750.30(A) through (C).
(A) Load Shedding Controls. An energy management system shall not override the load shedding controls put in place to ensure the minimum electrical capacity for the following:
(1) Fire pumps
(2) Emergency systems
(3) Legally required standby systems
(4) Critical operations power systems
(B) Disconnection of Power. An energy management system shall not cause disconnection of power to the following:
(1) Elevators, escalators, moving walks, or stairway lift chairs
(2) Positive mechanical ventilation for hazardous (classificd) locations
(3) Ventilation used to exhaust hazardous gas or reclassify an arca
(4) Circuits supplying emergency lighting
(5) Essential electrical systems in health care facilities
(C) Capacity of Branch Circuit, Feeder, or Service. An energy management system shall not cause a branch circuit, feeder, or
70-668
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
760.3
ARTICLE 760 - FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS
service to be overloaded. If an EMS is used to limit the current on a conductor, 750.30(C)(1) through (C) (4) shall apply:
(1) Current Setpoint. A single valuc cqual to the maximum ampere setpoint of the EMS shall be permitted for one or more of the following:
(1) For calculating the connected load per 220.70
(2) For the maximum source current permitted by EMS control
(2) System Malfunction. The EMIS shall usc monitoring and controls to automatically cease current flow upon malfunction of the EMS.
(3) Settings. Adjustable settings shall be permitted if access to the settings is accomplished by at least one of the following:
(1) Located behind removable and scalable covers over the adjustment means
(2) Located behind a cover or door that requires the use of a tool to open
(3) Located behind locked doors accessible only to qualified personnel
(4) Password protected with password accessible only to quali- ficd personnel
(5) Software that has password protected access to the adjust- ing means accessible to qualified personnel only
(4) Marking. The equipment that supplies the branch circuit, feeder, or service shall be field marked with the following infor- mation:
(1) Maximum current setting
(2) Date of calculation and setting
(3) Identification of loads and sources associated with the current limiting feature
(4) The following or equivalent wording: "The setting for the EMS current limiting feature shall not be bypassed"
The markings shall meet the requirements in 110.21(B) and shall be located such that they are clearly visible to qualified persons before examination, adjustment, servicing, or mainte- nance of the equipment.
750.50 Directory. Where an energy. management system is employed to control electrical power through the use of a remote means, a directory identifying the controlled device (s) and circuit(s) shall be posted on the enclosure of the control- ler, disconnect, or branch-circuit overcurrent device.
ARTICLE 760 Fire Alarm Systems
Part I. General
760.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of wiring and equipment of fire alarm systems, including all circuits control- led and powered by the fire alarm system.
Informational Note No. 1: Fire alarm systems include fire detec- tion and alarm notification, guard's tour, sprinkler waterflow, and sprinkler supervisory systems. Circuits controlled and powered by the fire alarm system include circuits for the control of building systems safety functions, elevator capture, elevator
shutdown, door release, smoke doors and damper control, fire doors and damper control, and fan shutdown, but only where these circuits are powered by and controlled by the fire alarn system.
Informational Note No. 2: See AFPA 72, National Fire Alarm and Signaling Code, for further information on the installation and monitoring for integrity requirements for fire alarm systems.
760.3 Other Articles. Circuits and equipment shall comply with 760.3(A) through (O). Only those sections of Article 300 referenced in this article shall apply to fire alarm systems.
(A) Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Installation of fire alarm circuits shall comply with 300.21.
(B) Ducts, Plenums, and Other Air-Handling Spaces. Power- limited and non-power-limited fire alarm cables installed in ducts, plenums, or other spaces used for environmental air shall comply with 300.22.
Exception No. 1: Power-limited fire alarm cables selected in accordance with Table 760.154 and installed in accordance with 722.135 and 300.22(B), Exception, shall be permitted to be installed in ducts specifi- rally fabricated for environmental air.
Exception No. 2: Power-limited fire alarm cables selected in accordance with Table 760.154 and installed in accordance with 722. 135 shall be permitted to be installed in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums).
(C): Corrosive, Damp, or Wet Locations. Fire alarm circuits and equipment installed in corrosive, damp, or wet locations shall comply with 110.11, 300.5(B), 300.6, 300.9, and 310.10(F).
(D) Building Control Circuits. Building control systems (c.g., elevator capture, fan shutdown) associated with the fire alarm system shall comply with Article 725.
(E) Optical Fiber Cables. Where optical fiber cables arc utilized for fire alarm circuits, the cables shall be installed in accordance with Article 770.
(F) Installation of Conductors with Other Systems. Installa- tions shall comply with 300.8.
(G) Raceways or Sleeves Exposed to Different Temperatures. Installations shall comply with 300.7(A).
(H) Vertical Support for Fire-Resistive Cables and Conductors. Vertical installations of circuit integrity (CI) cables and conduc- tors installed in a raceway or conductors and cables of fire- resistive cable systems shall be installed in accordance with 300.19.
(I) Installation of Cables and Conductors in Raceway. The number and size of cables and conductors shall comply with 300.17.
(J) Bushing. A bushing shall be installed where cables emerge from raceway used for mechanical support or protection in accordance with 300.15(C).
(K) Cable Routing Assemblies. Power-limited fire alarm cables shall be permitted to be installed in plenum cable routing assemblies, riser cable routing assemblies, and general-purpose cable routing assemblies selected in accordance with Table 800.154(c), listed in accordance with 800.182, and installed in accordance with 800.110(C) and 800.113.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-669
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
760.3
ARTICLE 760 - FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS
(L) Communications Raceways. Power-limited fire alarm cables shall be permitted to be installed in plenum communica- tions raceways, riser communications raceways, and general- purpose communications raceways selected in accordance with Table 800.154(b), listed in accordance with 800.182, and instal- led in accordance with 800.113 and 362.24 through 362.56, where the requirements applicable to electrical nonmetallic tubing apply.
(M) Temperature Limitations of Power-Limited and Non- Power-Limited Fire Alarm Cables. The requirements of 310.14(A) (3) on the temperature limitation of conductors shall apply to power-limited fire alarm cables and non-power-limited fire alarms cables.
(N) Identification of Equipment Grounding Conductors. Equipment grounding conductors shall be identified in accord- ance with 250.119.
Exception: Conductors with green insulation shall be permitted to be used as ungrounded signal conductors for Types FPLP, FPLR, FPL, and substitute cables installed in accordance with 760.154(A).
(O) Cables for Power-Limited Fire Alarm (PLFA) Circuits. The listing and installation of cables for power-limited fire alarm circuits shall comply with Part III of this article and Parts I and II of Article 722.
760.10 Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Cables and cquip- ment shall be permitted to be used in hazardous (classified) locations where specifically permitted by other articles in this Code.
760.21 Access to Electrical Equipment Behind Panels Designed to Allow Access. Access to electrical equipment shall not be denied by an accumulation of conductors and cables that prevents removal of panels, including suspended ceiling panels.
760.24 Mechanical Execution of Work.
(A) General. Fire alarm circuits shall be installed in a neat and workmanlike manner. Cables and conductors installed exposed on the surface of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure in such a manner that the cable will not be damaged by normal building usc. Such cables shall be supported by hardware, including straps, staples, hangers, listed cable ties identified for securement and support, or simi- lar fittings designed and installed so as not to damage the cable. The installation shall also comply with 300.4 and 300.11.
Informational Note: Paint, plaster, cleaners, abrasives, corrosive residues, or other contaminants might result in an undeter- mined alteration of PLF A and NPLFA cable properties.
(B) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cable. Circuit integrity (CI) cables shall be supported at a distance not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.). Where located within 2.1 m (7 ft) of the floor in accordance with 760.53(A)(1) and 760.130(B) (1), as applica- ble, the cable shall be fa.stenedin an approved manner at inter- vals of not more than 450 mm (18 in.). Cable supports and fastenersshall be steel.
760.25 Abandoned Cables. The accessible portion of aban- doncd fire alarm cables shall be removed. Where cables arc identified for future use with a tag, the tag shall be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved.
760.30 Fire Alarm Circuit Identification. Fire alarm circuits shall be identified at terminal and junction locations in a
manner that helps to prevent unintentional signals on fire alarm system circuit(s) during testing and servicing of other systems.
760.32 Fire Alarm Circuits Extending Beyond One Building. Non-power-limited fire alarm circuits and power-limited fire alarm circuits that extend beyond one building and run outdoors shall meet the installation requirements of Parts II, III, and IV of Article 805 and shall meet the installation requirements of Part I of Article 300.
760.33 Supply-Side Overvoltage Protection. A listed surge- protective device (SPD) shall be installed on the supply side of a fire alarm control panel in accordance with Part II of Article 242.
760.35 Fire Alarm Circuit Requirements. Fire alarm circuits shall comply with 760.35(A) and (B).
(A) Non-Power-Limited Fire Alarm (NPLFA) Circuits. Scc Parts I and II.
(B) Power-Limited Fire Alarm (PLFA) Circuits. Sec Parts I and III.
Part II. Non-Power-Limited Fire Alarm (NPLFA) Circuits
760.41 NPLFA Circuit Power Source Requirements.
(A) Power Source. The power source of non-power-limited fire alarm circuits shall comply with Chapters 1 through 4, and the output voltage shall be not more than 600 volts, nominal. The fire alarm circuit disconnect shall be permitted to be secured in the "on" position.
(B) Branch Circuit. The branch circuit supplying the fire alarm equipment(s) shall supply no other loads. The location of the branch-circuit overcurrent protective device shall be permanently identified at the fire alarm control unit. The circuit disconnecting means shall have red identification, shall be accessible only to qualified personnel, and shall be identi- ficd as "FIRE ALARM CIRCUIT." The red identification shall not damage the overcurrent protective devices or obscure the manufacturer's markings. This branch circuit shall not be supplied through ground-fault circuit interrupters or arc-fault circuit-interrupters.
760.43 NPLFA Circuit Overcurrent Protection. Overcurrent protection for conductors 14 AWG and larger shall be provided in accordance with the conductor ampacity without applying the ampacity adjustment and correction factors of 310.14 to the ampacity calculation. Overcurrent protection shall not exceed 7 amperes for 18 AWG conductors and 10 amperes for 16 AWG conductors.
Exception: Where other articles of this Code permit or require other over- current protection.
760.45 NPLFA Circuit Overcurrent Device Location. Overcur- rent devices shall be located at the point where the conductor to be protected receives its supply.
Exception No. 1: Where the overcurrent device protecting the larger conductor also protects the smaller conductor.
Exception No. 2: Transformer secondary conductors. Non-power- limited fire alarm circuit conductors supplied by the secondary of a single-phase transformer that has only a 2-wire (single-voltage) secon- dary shall be permitted to be protected by overcurrent protection provided
70-670
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 760 - FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS
760.53
by the primary (supply) side of the transformer, provided the protection is in accordance with 450.3 and does not exceed the value determined by multiplying the secondary conductor ampacity by the secondary-to- primary transformer voltage ratio. Transformer secondary conductors other than 2-wire shall not be considered to be protected by the primary overcurrent protection.
Exception No. 3: Electronic power source output conductors. Non- power-limited circuit conductors supplied by the output of a single- phase, listed electronic power source, other than a transformer, having only a 2-wire (single-voltage) output for connection to non-power- limited circuits shall be permitted to be protected by overcurrent protec- tion provided on the input side of the electronic power source, provided this protection does not exceed the value determined by multiplying the non-power-limited circuit conductor ampacity by the output-to-input voltage ratio. Electronic power source outputs, other than 2-wire (single voltage), connected to non-power-limited circuits shall not be considered to be protected by overcurrent protection on the input of the electronic power source.
Informational Note: A single-phase, listed electronic power supply whose output supplies a 2-wire (single-voltage) circuit is an example of a non-power-limited power source that meets the requirements of 760.41.
760.46 NPLFA Circuit Wiring. Installation of non-power- limited fire alarm circuits shall be in accordance with 110.3(B), 300.7, 300.11, 300.15, 300.17, 300.19(B), and other appropriate articles of Chapter 3.
Exception No. 1: As provided in 760.48 through 760.53.
Exception No. 2: Where other articles of this Code require other methods. 760.48 Conductors of Different Circuits in Same Cable, Enclo- sure, or Raceway.
(A) Class 1 with NPLFA Circuits. Class 1 and non-power- limited fire alarm circuits shall be permitted to occupy the same cable, enclosure, or raceway without regard to whether the individual circuits are alternating current or direct current, provided all conductors are insulated for the maximum voltage of any conductor in the enclosure or raceway.
(B) Fire Alarm with Power-Supply Circuits. Power-supply and fire alarm circuit conductors shall be permitted in the same cable, enclosure, or raceway only where connected to the same equipment.
760.49 NPLFA Circuit Conductors.
(A) Sizes and Use. Only copper conductors shall be permitted to be used for fire alarm systems. Size 18 AWG and 16 AWG conductors shall be permitted to be used, provided they supply loads that do not exceed the ampacities given in Table 402.5 and are installed in a raceway, an approved enclosure, or a listed cable. Conductors larger than 16 AWG shall not supply loads greater than the ampacities given in 310.14, as applicable.
(B) Insulation. Insulation on conductors shall be rated for the system voltage and not less than 600 volts. Conductors larger than 16 AWG shall comply with Article 310. Conductors 18 AWG and 16 AWG shall be Type KF-2, KFF-2, PAFF, PTFF, PF, PFF, PGF, PGFF, RFH-2, RFHH-2, RFHH-3, SF-2, SFF-2, TF, TFF, TEN, TFF, ZF, or ZFF. Conductors with other types and thick- ness of insulation shall be permitted if listed for non-power- limited fire alarm circuit usc.
Informational Note: See Table 402.3 for application provisions.
(C) Conductor Materials. Conductors shall be solid or stran- ded copper.
Exception to (B) and (C): Wire Types PAF and PTF shall be permitted only for high-temperature applications between 90 (194ºF) and 250°C (482°F).
760.51 Number of Conductors in Cable Trays and Raceways, and Ampacity Adjustment Factors.
(A) NPLFA Circuits and Class 1 Circuits. Where only non- power-limited fire alarm circuit and Class 1 circuit conductors arc in a raceway, the number of conductors shall be deter- mined in accordance with 300.17. The ampacity adjustment factors given in 310.15(C) (1) shall apply if such conductors carry continuous load in excess of 10 percent of the ampacity of cach conductor.
(B) Power-Supply Conductors and NPLFA Circuit Conductors. Where power-supply conductors and non-power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors are permitted in a raceway in accord- ance with 760.48, the number of conductors shall be deter- mined in accordance with 300.17. The ampacity adjustment factors given in 310.15(C) (1) shall apply as follows:
(1) To all conductors where the fire alarm circuit conductors carry continuous loads in excess of 10 percent of the ampacity of cach conductor and where the total number of conductors is more than three
(2) To the power-supply conductors only, where the fire : alarm circuit conductors do not carry continuous loads in excess of 10 percent of the ampacity of cach conductor and where the number of power-supply conductors is more than three
(C) Cable Trays. Where fire alarm circuit conductors arc installed in cable trays, they shall comply with 392.22 and 392.80(A).
760.53 Multiconductor NPLFA Cables. Multiconductor non- power-limited fire alarm cables that meet the requirements of 760.176 shall be permitted to be used on fire alarm circuits operating at 150 volts or less and shall be installed in accord- ance with 760.53(A) and (B).
(A) NPLFA Wiring Method. Multiconductor non-power- limited fire alarm circuit cables shall be installed in accordance with 760.53(A) (1), (A) (2), and (A) (3).
(1) In Raceways, Exposed on Ceilings or Sidewalls, or Fished in Concealed Spaces. Cable splices or terminations shall be made in listed fittings, boxes, enclosures, fire alarm devices, or utilization equipment. Where installed exposed, cables shall be adequately supported and installed in such a way that maxi- mum protection against physical damage is afforded by build- ing construction such as baseboards, door frames, ledges, and so forth. Where located within 2.1 m (7 ft) of the floor, cables shall be securely fa.stenedin an approved manner at intervals of not more than 450 mm (18 in.).
(2) Passing Through a Floor or Wall. Cables shall be installed in metal raceway or rigid nonmetallic conduit where passing through a floor or wall to a height of 2.1 m (7 ft) above the floor, unless adequate protection can be afforded by building construction such as detailed in 760.53(A) (1), or unless an equivalent solid guard is provided.
(3) In Hoistways. Cables shall be installed in rigid metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, intermediate metal
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-671
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
760.53
ARTICLE 760 - FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS
conduit, liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit, or electrical metallic tubing where installed in hoistways.
Exception: As provided for in 620.21 for elevators and similar equip- ment.
(B) Applications of Listed NPLFA Cables. The use of non- power-limited fire alarm circuit cables shall comply with 760.53(B) (1) through (B) (4).
(1) Ducts Specifically Fabricated for Environmental Air. Multi- conductor non-power-limited fire alarm circuit cables, Types NPLFP, NPLFR, and NPLF, shall not be installed exposed in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air.
Informational Note: See 300.22(B).
(2) Other Spaces Used for Environmental Air (Plenums). Cables installed in other spaces used for environmental air shall be Type NPLFP.
Exception No. 1: Types NPLFR and NPLF cables installed in compli- ance with 300.22(C).
Exception No. 2: Other wiring methods in accordance with 300.22(C) and conductors in compliance with 760.49(C).
Exception No. 3: Type NPLFP-CI cable shall be permitted to be installed to provide a 2-hour circuit integrity rated cable.
(3) Riser. Cables installed in vertical runs and penetrating one or more floors, or cables installed in vertical runs in a shaft, shall be Type NPLFR. Floor penetrations requiring Type NPLFR shall contain only cables suitable for riser or plenum usc.
Exception No. 1: Type NPLF or other cables that are specified in Chap- ter 3 and are in compliance with 760.49(C) and encased in metal race- way.
Exception No. 2: Type NPLF cables located in a fireproof shaft having firestops at each floor.
Informational Note: See 300.21 for firestop requirements for floor penetrations.
Exception No. 3: Type NPLF-CI cable shall be permitted to be installed to provide a 2-hour circuit integrity rated cable.
(4) Other Wiring Within Buildings. Cables installed in build- ing locations other than the locations covered in 760.53(B) (1), (B) (2), and (B) (3) shall be Type NPLF.
Exception No. 1: Chapter 3 wiring methods with conductors in compli- ance with 760.49(C).
Exception No. 2: Type NPLFP or Type NPLFR cables shall be permit- ted.
Exception No. 3: Type NPLFR-CI cable shall be permitted to be installed to provide a 2-hour circuit integrity rated cable.
Part III. Power-Limited Fire Alarm (PLFA) Circuits 760.121 Power Sources for PLFA Circuits.
(A) Power Source. The power source for a power-limited fire alarm circuit shall be as specified in the following:
Informational Note No. 1: See Chapter 9, Tables 12(A) and 12(B), for the listing requirements for power-limited fire alarn circuit sources.
(1) A listed PLFA or Class 3 transformer
(2) A listed PLFA or Class 3 power supply
(3) Listed equipment marked to identify the PLFA power source
Informational Note No. 2: Examples of listed equipment are a fire alarm control panel with integral power source; a circuit card listed for use as a PLFA source, where used as part of a listed assembly; a current-limiting impedance, listed for the purpose or part of a listed product, used in conjunction with a non-power-limited transformer or a stored energy source, for example, storage battery, to limit the output current.
(B) Branch Circuit. The branch circuit supplying the fire alarm equipment(s) shall comply with the following require- ments:
(1) The branch circuit shall supply no other loads.
(2) The branch circuit shall not be supplied through ground- fault circuit interrupters or arc-fault circuit interrupters.
(3) The location of the branch-circuit overcurrent protective device shall be permanently identified at the fire alarm control unit.
(4) The circuit disconnecting means shall have red identifica- tion, shall be accessible only to qualified personnel, and shall be identified with the following words: "FIRE ALARM CIRCUIT." The red identification shall not damage the overcurrent protective devices or obscure the manufacturer's markings.
(5) The fire alarm branch-circuit disconnecting means shall be permitted to be secured in the "on" position.
Informational Note: See 210.8(A)(5), Exception, for require- ments on receptacles in dwelling-unit unfinished basements that supply power for fire alarm systems.
760.124 Circuit Marking. The equipment supplying PLFA circuits shall be durably marked where plainly visible to indi- cate cach circuit that is a power-limited fire alarm circuit.
760.127 Wiring Methods on Supply Side of the PLFA Power Source. Conductors and equipment on the supply side of the power source shall be installed in accordance with the appro- priate requirements of Part II and Chapters 1 through 4. Trans- formers or other devices supplied from power-supply conductors shall be protected by an overcurrent device rated not over 20 amperes.
Exception: The input leads of a transformer or other power source supplying power-limited fire alarm circuits shall be permitted to be smaller than 14 AWG, but not smaller than 18 AWG, if they are not over 300 mm (12 in.) long and if they have insulation that complies with 760.49(B).
760.130 Wiring Methods and Materials on Load Side of the PLFA Power Source. Fire alarm circuits on the load side of the power source shall be permitted to be installed using wiring methods and materials in accordance with 760.130(A), (B), or a combination of both. Parts I and II of Article 722 shall apply.
(A) NPLFA Wiring Methods and Materials. NPLFA wiring methods shall be permitted when used in accordance with 760.46, 760.49, or 760.53 for PLFA circuits. Conductors shall be solid or stranded copper. Separation from electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications cables shall comply with 760.136.
Exception: The ampacity adjustment factors specified in 310.15(C)(1) shall not apply.
70-672
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
760.136
ARTICLE 760 - FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS
(B) PLFA Wiring Methods and Materials. Power-limited fire alarm conductors and cables described in 722.179 shall bc installed as detailed in 722.135 and 760.130(B) (1) through (B) (4). Devices shall be installed in accordance with 110.3(B), 300.11(A), and 300.15.
(1) In Raceways, Exposed on Ceilings or Sidewalls, or Fished in Concealed Spaces. Cable splices or terminations shall be made in listed fittings, boxes, enclosures, fire alarm devices, or utilization equipment. Where installed exposed, cables shall be adequately supported and installed such that maximum protec- tion against physical damage is afforded by building construc- tion such as baseboards, door frames, ledges, and so forth. Where located within 2.1 m (7 ft) of the floor, cables shall be securely fastened in an approved manner at intervals of not more than 450 mm (18 in.).
(2) Passing Through a Floor or Wall. Cables shall be installed in metal raceways or rigid nonmetallic conduit where passing through a floor or wall to a height of 2.1 m (7 ft) above the floor, unless adequate protection can be afforded by building construction such as detailed in 760.130(B) (1) or unless an equivalent solid guard is provided.
(3) Nonconcealed Spaces. Cables specified in Chapter 3 and meeting the requirements of 722.179(A) (15) (a) and (A) (15) (b) shall be permitted to be installed in nonconcealed spaces where the exposed length of cable does not exceed 3 m (10 ft).
(4) Portable Fire Alarm Systems. A portable fire alarm system provided to protect a stage or set when not in use shall be permitted to use wiring methods in accordance with 530.12.
760.133 Installation of Conductors and Equipment in Cables, Compartments, Cable Trays, Enclosures, Manholes, Outlet Boxes, Device Boxes, Raceways, and Cable Routing Assemblies for Power-Limited Fire Alarm Circuits. Conductors and equip- ment for power-limited fire alarm circuits shall be installed in accordance with Parts I and II of Article 722 and 760.136 through 760.143.
760.136 Separation from Electric Light, Power, Class 1, NPLFA, and Medium-Power Network-Powered Broadband Communications Circuit Conductors.
(A) General. Power-limited fire alarm circuit cables and conductors shall not be placed in any cable, cable tray, compartment, enclosure, manhole, outlet box, device box, raceway, or similar fitting with 'conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm circuits, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits unless permitted by 760.136(B) through (G).
(B) Separated by Barriers. Power-limited fire alarm circuit cables shall be permitted to be installed together with Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network- powered broadband communications circuits where they are separated by a barrier.
(C) Raceways Within Enclosures. In enclosures, power-limited fire alarm circuits shall be permitted to be installed in a race- way within the enclosure to separate them from Class 1, non- power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits.
(D) Associated Systems Within Enclosures. Power-limited fire alarm conductors in compartments, enclosures, device boxes, outlet boxes, or similar fittings shall be permitted to be installed with electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited
fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are introduced solely to connect the equipment connected to power-limited fire alarm circuits, and shall comply with cither of the following condi- tions:
(1) The electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit conductors are routed to main- tain a minimum of 6 mm (1/4 in.) separation from the conductors and cables of power-limited fire alarm circuits.
(2) The circuit conductors operate at 150 volts or less to ground and also comply with one of the following condi- tions:
a. The fire alarm power-limited circuits are installed using Type FPL, Type FPLR, Type FPLP, or permitted substitute cables if these power-limited cable conduc- tors extending beyond the jacket are separated by a minimum of 6 mm (1/4 in.) or by a nonconductive sleeve or nonconductive barrier from all other conductors. :
b. The power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors arc installed as non-power-limited circuits in accordance with 760.46.
(E) Enclosures with Single Opening. Power-limited fire alarm circuit, conductors entering compartments, enclosures, device boxes, outlet boxes, or similar fittings shall be permitted to be installed with electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are introduced solely to connect the equipment connected to power-limited fire alarm circuits or to other circuits controlled by the fire alarm system to which the other conductors in the enclosure are connected. Where power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors must enter an enclosure that is provided with a single opening, they shall be permitted to enter through a single fitting (such as a tec), provided the conductors are separated from the conductors of the other circuits by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconduc- tor, such as flexible tubing.
(F) In Hoistways. In hoistways, power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors shall be installed in rigid metal conduit, rigid nonmetallic conduit, intermediate metal conduit, liquidtight flexible nonmetallic conduit, or electrical metallic tubing. For elevators or similar equipment, these conductors shall be permitted to be installed as provided in 620.21.
(G) Where Protected. PLFA circuits shall be permitted to be installed together with the conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits where they are installed using NPFLA wiring methods and materials in accordance with Part II of Article 760 and are protected by an approved method.
(H) Other Applications. For other applications, power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors shall be separated by at least 50 mm (2 in.) from conductors of any electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits unless one of the following conditions is met:
(1) Either (a) all of the electric light, power, Class 1, non- power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network- powered broadband communications circuit conductors
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-673
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
760.139
ARTICLE 760 - FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS
or (b) all of the power-limited fire alarm circuit conduc- tors are in a raceway or in metal-sheathed, metal-clad, nonmetallic-sheathed, or Type UF cables.
(2) All of the electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broad- band communications circuit conductors arc perma- nently separated from all of the power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconductor, such as porcelain tubes or flexible tubing, in addition to the insulation on the conductors.
760.139 Installation of Conductors of Different PLFA Circuits, Class 2, Class 3, and Communications Circuits in the Same Cable, Enclosure, Cable Tray, Raceway, or Cable Routing Assembly.
(A) Two or More PLFA Circuits. Cable and conductors of two or more power-limited fire alarm circuits shall be permitted within the same cable, enclosure, cable tray, raceway, or cable routing assembly.
(B) Class 2 Circuits with PLFA Circuits. Conductors of one or more Class 2 circuits shall be permitted within the same cable, enclosure, cable tray, raceway, or cable routing assembly with conductors of power-limited fire alarm circuits if the insulation of the Class 2 circuit conductors in the cable, enclosure, race- way, or cable routing assembly is at least that required by the power-limited fire alarm circuits.
(C) Class 3 and Communications Circuits with PLFA Circuits. Cable and conductors of Class 3 and communications circuits shall be permitted within the same cable, enclosure, cable tray, raceway, or cable routing assembly with cables and conductors of power-limited fire alarm circuits.
(D) Low-Power Network-Powered Broadband Communications Cables and PLFA Cables. Low-power network-powered broad- band communications circuits shall be permitted in the same enclosure, cable tray, raceway, or cable routing assembly with PLFA cables.
(E) Audio System Circuits and PLFA Circuits. Audio system circuits described in 640.9(C) and installed using Class 2 or Class 3 wiring methods in compliance with 722.135 shall not be installed in the same cable, cable tray, raceway, or cable routing assembly with power-limited conductors or cables.
760.142 Conductor Size. Conductors of 26 AWG shall be permitted only where spliced with a connector listed as suitable for 26 AWG to 24 AWG or larger conductors that are termina- ted on equipment or where the 26 AWG conductors are termi- nated on equipment listed as suitable for 26 AWG conductors. Single conductors shall not be smaller than 18 AWG.
760.143 Support of Conductors. Power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors shall not be strapped, taped, or attached by any means to the exterior of any conduit or other raceway as a means of support.
760.145 Current-Carrying Continuous Line-Type Fire Detec- tors.
(A) Application. Listed continuous line-type fire detectors, including insulated copper tubing of pneumatically operated detectors, employed for both detection and carrying signaling currents shall be permitted to be used in power-limited circuits.
(B) Installation. Continuous line-type fire detectors shall be installed in accordance with 760.124 through 760.130 and 760.133.
760.154 Applications of Listed PLFA Cables. PLFA cables shall comply with the requirements described in Table 760.154 or where cable substitutions are made as shown in 760.154(A). Where substitute cables are installed, the wiring requirements of Article 760, Parts I and III, shall apply. Typcs FPLP-CI, FPLR- CI, and FPL-CI cables shall be permitted to be installed to provide 2-hour circuit integrity rated cables.
(A) Fire Alarm Cable Substitutions. The substitutions for fire alarm cables listed in Table 760.154(A) and illustrated in Figure 760.154(A) shall be permitted. Where substitute cables are installed, the wiring requirements of Article 760, Parts I and III, shall apply.
Informational Note: See 800.179 for information on communi- cations cables (CMP, CMR, CMG, CM).
PartIV. Listing Requirements
760.176 Listing and Marking of NPLFA Cables. Non-power- limited fire alarm cables installed as wiring within buildings shall be listed in accordance with 760.176(A) and (B), be listed as resistant to the spread of fire in accordance with 760.176(C) through (F), and be marked in accordance with 760.176(G). Cable used in a wet location shall be listed for use in wet loca- tions or have a moisture-impervious metal sheath. Non-power- limited fire alarm cables shall have a temperature rating of not less than 60 (140°F). Non-power-limited fire alarm cables shall be permitted to contain optical fibers.
Informational Note: See UL 1425, Standard for Cables for Non- Power-Limited Fire-Alarm Circuits, for information on non-power- limited fire alann cables.
(A) NPLFA Conductor Materials. Conductors shall be 18 AWG or larger solid or stranded copper.
(B) Insulated Conductors. Insulation on conductors shall be rated for the system voltage and not less than 600 V. Insulated conductors 14 AWG and larger shall be one of the types listed in Table 310.4(1) or one that is identified for such usc. Insula- ted conductors 18 AWG and 16 AWG shall be in accordance with 760.49.
(C) Type NPLFP. Typc NPLFP non-power-limited fire alarm cable for use in other space used for environmental air shall be listed as being suitable for use in other space used for environ- mental air as described in 300.22(C) and shall also be listed as having adequate fire-resistant and low smoke-producing char- acteristics.
Informational Note: See NFPA 262, Standard Method of Test for Flame Travel and Smoke of Wires and Cables for Use in Air-Handling Spares, for one method of defining a cable that is low-smoke producing and fire-resistant if the cable exhibits a maximum peak optical density of 0.50 or less, an average optical density of 0.15 or less, and a maximum flame spread distance of 1.52 m (5 ft) or less when tested.
70-674
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
760.176
ARTICLE 760 -FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS
Table 760.154 Applications of Listed PLFA Cables in Buildings
Cable Type
Applications
FPLP & FPLP-CI
FPLR & FPLR-CI
FPL & FPL-CI
In fabricated ducts as described in 300.22(B)
In fabricated ducts
Y*
N
N
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(B)
Y*
Y*
Y*
In other spaces used for environmental air as described in 300.22(C)
In other spaces used for environmental air
Y*
N
N
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(C)
Y
Y*
Y*
In plenum communications raceways
Y*
N
N
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y*
N
N
Supported byopen metal cable trays
Y*
N
N
Supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers
Y*
Y*
Y*
In risers
In vertical runs
Y*
Y*
N
In metal raceways
Y
Y*
Y*
In fireproof shafts
Y*
Y*
Y*
In plenum communications raceways
Y*
Y*
N
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
N
In riser communications raceways
Y*
Y*
N
In riser cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
N
In one- and two-family dwellings
Y*
Y
Y*
Within buildings in other than air- handling spaces and risers
General
Y*
Y*
Y*
Supported by cable trays
Y*
Y*
Y*
In any raceway recognized in Chapter 3
Y*
Y*
Y*
In plenum communications raceway
Y
Y*
Y*
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
Y*
In riser communications raceways
Y*
Y*
Y*
In riser cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
Y*
In general-purpose communications raceways
Y
Y*
Y*
In general-purpose cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
Y*
Note:
"N" indicates that the cable type shall not be pennitted to be installed in the application.
"Y ** indicates that the cable type shall be permitted to be installed in the application subject to the limitations described in 760.130 through 760.145.
(D) Type NPLFR. Typc .NPLFR non-power-limited fire alarm riser cable shall be listed as being suitable for use in a vertical run in a shaft or from floor to floor and shall also be listed as having fire-resistant characteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
Informational Note: See UL 1666, Test for Flame Propagation Height of Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables Installed Vertically in Shafts, for one method of defining fire-resistant characteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
(E) Type NPLF. Typc .NPLF non-power-limited fire alarm cable shall be listed as being suitable for general-purpose fire alarm usc, with the exception of use in risers, ducts, plenums, and other space used for environmental air, and shall also be listed as being resistant to the spread of fire.
Table 760.154(A) Cable Substitutions
Cable Type
Permitted Substitutions
FPLP
CMP
FPLR
CMP, FPLP, CMR
FPL
CMP, FPLP, CMR, FPLR, CMG, CM
Informational Note: See UL 2556, Wire and Cable Test Methods, for one method of defining resistant to the spread of fire.One method is to demonstrate that the cables do not spread fire to the top of the tray in the "U'L Flame Exposure, Vertical Tray Flame Test." The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
Another method of defining resistant to the spread of fire is for the damage (char length) not to exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.) when performing the FT4 "Vertical Flame Test."
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-675
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 760 -FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS
760.176
Multiconductor cables
Plenum
CMP
FPLP
Riser
CMR
FPLR
General purpose
CMG CM
FPL
Type CM-Communications wires and cables Type FPL-Power-limited fire alarm cables A Cable A shall be permitted to be used in place of cable B, 26 AWG minimum
FIGURE 760.154(A) Cable Substitution Hierarchy.
(F) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cable, Fire-Resistive Cable System, or Electrical Circuit Protective System. Cables that are used for survivability of critical circuits under fire conditions shall be listed and meet the requirements of 760.176(F)(1), (F) (2), or (F)(3).
Informational Note: See NFPA 72, National Fire Alarn and Signal- ing Code, 12.4.3 and 12.4.4, for additional information on circuit integrity (CI) cable, fire-resistive cable systems, or electrical circuit protective systems used for fire alarm circuits to comply with the survivability requirements to maintain the circuit's elec- trical function during fire conditions for a defined period of time.
(1) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cables. Circuit integrity (CI) cables specified in 760.176(C), (D), and (E) and used for survivability of critical circuits shall be marked for an additional classifica- tion using the suffix "-CI." In order to maintain its listed fire- resistive rating, CI cables shall only be installed in frec air in accordance with 760.24(B). CI cables shall only be permitted to be installed in a raceway where specifically listed and marked as part of an electrical circuit protective fire-resistive cable system as covered in 760.176(F) (2). CI cables shall only be permitted to be installed in a raceway where specifically listed and marked as part of an electrical circuit protective system as covered in 760.176(F)(2).
Informational Note: See UL 2196, Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, and UL 1425, Cables for Non-Power-Limited Fire-Alarm Circuits,for infor- mation on establishing a rating for CI cable. The UI. Guide Infor- mation for Nonpower-limited Fire Alarm Circuits (HNHT) contains information for identifying the cable and its installation limita- tions to maintain the fire-resistive rating.
(2) Fire-Resistive Cable Systems. Cables specified in 760.176(C), (D), (E), and (F)(1) that are part of a fire-resistive cable system shall be identified with the system identifier and hourly rating marked on the protectant or the smallest unit container and installed in accordance with the listing of the system.
Informational Note: See UL 2196, Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for information on establishing a rating for a fire-resistive cable system. The UI. Guide Information for Electrical Cirruit Integrity Systems (FHIT) contains information for identifying the system
and its installation limitations to maintain a minimum fire- resistive rating.
(3) Electrical Circuit Protective System. Protectants for cables specified in 760.176(C), (D), and (E) that are part of an electri- cal circuit protective system shall be identified with the protec- tive system identifier and hourly rating marked on the protectant or the smallest unit container and installed in accordance with the listing of the protective system.
Informational Note: See UL 1724, Fire Tests for Electrical Circuit Protective Systems,for information on establishing a rating for an electrical circuit protective system. The UI. Guide Information for Electrical Cirruit Integrity Systems (FHIT) contains information for identifying the system and its installation limitations to maintain the fire-resistive rating.
(G) NPLFA Cable Markings. Multiconductor non-power- limited fire alarm cables shall be marked in accordance with Table 760.176(G). Non-power-limited fire alarm circuit cables shall be permitted to be marked with a maximum usage voltage rating of 150 volts. Cables that are listed for circuit integrity shall be identified with the suffix "-CI" as defined in 760.176(F). The temperature rating shall be marked on the jacket of NPLFA cables that have a temperature rating exceed- ing 60 (140°F). The jacket of NPLFA cables shall be marked with the conductor sizc.
Informational Note: Cable types are listed in descending order of fire performance.
760.179 Listing and Marking of Insulated Continuous Line- Type Fire Detectors. Insulated continuous line-type fire detec- tors shall be listed in accordance with 760.179(A) through (D). Cable used in a wet location shall be listed for use in wet loca- tions or have a moisture-impervious metal sheath.
(A) Listing. The cable shall be listed as being resistant to the spread of fire in accordance with 722.179(A) (1), (A) (2), and (A)(3).
(B) Voltage and Temperature Rating. The cable shall have a voltage rating of not less than 300 volts. The cable shall have a temperature rating of not less than 60 (140°F).
(C) Markings. The cable shall be marked as fire resistance Type FPLP, Type FPLR, or Type FPL in accordance with 722.179(B). The voltage rating shall not be marked on the
Table 760.176(G) NPLFA Cable Markings
Cable Marking
Type
Reference
NPLFP
Non-power-limited fire alarm circuit cable for use in other space used
760.176(C) and (G)
for environmental air
NPLFR
Non-power-limited fire
760.176(D) and (G)
alarm circuit riser cable
.VPLF
Non-power-limited fire alarn circuit cable
760.176(E) and (G)
Notes:
1. Cables identified in 760.176(C), (D), and (E) and meeting the requirements for circuit integrity shall have the additional classification using the suffix "-CI" (for example, NPLFP-CI, NPLFR-CI, and NPLF- CI).
2. Cables containing optical fibers shall be provided with the suffix "- OF".
70-676
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
770.44
ARTICLE 770 - OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
cable. The temperature rating shall be marked on the jacket of cables that have a temperature rating exceeding 60 (140°F). The jacket of PLFA cables shall be marked with the conductor sizc.
Informational Note: Voltage ratings on cables might be misinter- preted to suggest that the cables could be suitable for Class 1, electric light, and power applications.
Exception: Voltage markings shall be permitted where the cable has multiple listings and voltage marking is required for one or more of the listings.
(D) Cable Jacket Compound. The cable jacket compound shall have a high degree of abrasion resistance.
ARTICLE 770 Optical Fiber Cables
Part I. General
770.1 Scope. This article covers the installation of optical fiber cables. This article does not cover the construction of optical fiber cables.
770.3 Other Articles. Installations of optical fiber cables shall comply with 770.3(A) through (D). Only those sections of Chapter 2 and Article 300 referenced in this article shall apply to optical fiber cables.
(A) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Listed optical fiber cables shall be permitted to be installed in hazardous (classi- ficd) locations. The cables shall be scaled in accordance' with 501.15, 502.15, 505.16, or 506.16, as applicable.
(B) Cables in Ducts for Dust, Loose Stock, or Vapor Removal. The requirements of 300.22(A) for wiring systems shall apply to conductive optical fiber cables.
(C) Hybrid Cables. Hybrid optical fiber cables shall be classi- ficd as electrical cables in accordance with the type of electrical conductors. They shall be constructed, listed, and marked in accordance with the appropriate article for cach type of electri- cal cable.
(D) Vertical Support for Fire-Resistive Cables. Vertical installa- tions of circuit integrity (CI) cables installed in a raceway or cables of fire-resistive cable systems shall be installed in accord- ance with their listing.
770.21 Access to Electrical Equipment Behind Panels Designed to Allow Access. Access to electrical equipment shall not be denied by an accumulation of optical fiber cables that prevents removal of panels, including suspended ceiling panels.
770.24 Mechanical Execution of Work.
(A) General. Optical fiber cables shall be installed in a neat and workmanlike manner. Cables installed exposed on the surface of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure in such a manner that the cable will not be damaged by normal building usc. Such cables shall be secured by hardware, including straps; staples; cable tics listed and iden- tified for securement and support; and hangers, or similar fittings, designed and installed so as not to damage the cable.
The installation shall also conform to 300.4 and 300.11. Plenum cable tics and other nonmetallic cable accessories used to secure and support cables in other spaces used for environ- mental air (plenums) shall be listed as having low smoke and heat release properties in accordance with 800.170.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/NECA/FOA 301-2016, Standard for Installing and Testing Fiber Optic Cables, ANSI/ TIA-568.0-D-2015, Generir Telecommunications Cabling for Customer Premises, and ANSI/TIA 568.3-D-2016, Optical Fiber Cabling and Components Standard, for accepted industry practices.
Informational Note No. 2: See N PA 90A-2021, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, for discrete combustible components installed in accordance with 300.22(C).
Informational Note No. 3: Paint, plaster, cleaners, abrasives, corrosive residues, or other contaminants may result in an unde- termined alteration of optical fiber cable properties.
(B) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cable. Circuit integrity (CI) cable shall be supported at a distance not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.).Cable shall be secured to the noncombustible surface of the building structure. Cable supports and fastenersshall be stccl.
770.25 Abandoned Cables. The accessible portion of aban- doncd optical fiber cables shall be removed. Where cables arc identified for future use with a tag, the tag shall be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved.
770.26 Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Installa- tions of optical fiber cables and communications raceways in hollow spaces, vertical shafts, and ventilation or air-handling ducts shall be made so that the possible spread of fire or prod- ucts of combustion will not be substantially increased. Open- ings around penetrations of optical fiber cables and communications raccways through fire-resistant-rated walls, partitions, floors, or ceilings shall be firestopped using approved methods to maintain the fire resistance rating.
Informational Note: Directories of electrical construction mate- rials published by qualified testing laboratories contain many listing installation restrictions necessary to maintain the fire- resistive rating of assemblies where penetrations or openings are made. Building codes also contain restrictions on membrane penetrations on opposite sides of a fire resistance-rated wall assembly. An example is the 600-mm (24-in.) minimum horizon- tal separation that usually applies between boxes installed on opposite sides of the wall. Assistance in complying with 770.26 can be found in building codes, fire resistance directories, and product listings.
770.27 Temperature Limitation of Optical Fiber Cables. Opti- cal fiber cable shall not be used in such a manner that its oper- ating temperature exceeds that of its rating.
Part II. Cables Outside and Entering Buildings
770.44 Overhead (Aerial) Optical Fiber Cables. Overhead optical fiber cables containing a non-current-carrying metallic member entering buildings shall comply with 800.44(A) and (B).
(A) On Poles and In-Span. Where outside plant optical fiber cables and electric light or power conductors are supported by the same pole or are run parallel to cach other in-span, the conditions described in 770.44(A) (1) through (A) (4) shall be mct.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-677
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
770.44
ARTICLE 770 -OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
(1) Relative Location. Where practicable, the outside plant optical fiber cables shall be located below the electric light or power conductors.
(2) Attachment to Cross-Arms. Attachment of outside plant optical fiber cables to a cross-arm that carries electric light or power conductors shall not be permitted.
(3) Climbing Space. The climbing space through outside plant optical fiber cables shall comply with the requirements of 225.14(B).
(4) Clearance. Supply service drops and sets of overhead serv- ice conductors of 0 to 750 volts running above and parallel to optical fiber cable service drops shall have a minimum separa- tion of 300 mm (12 in.) at any point in the span, including the point of their attachment to the building. Clearance of not less than 1.0 m (40 in.) shall be maintained between the two serv- ices at the polc.
(B) Above Roofs. Outside plant optical fiber cables shall have a vertical clearance of not less than 2.5 m (8 ft) from all points of roofs above which they pass.
Exception No. 1: The requirement of 770.44(B) shall not apply to auxiliary buildings such as garages and the like.
Exception No. 2: A reduction in clearance above only the overhanging portion of the mof to not less than 450 mm (18 in.) shall be permitted af (1) not more than 1.2 m (4 ft) of optical fiber cable service drop cable passes above the roof overhang, and (2) the cable is terminated at a through- or above-the-roof rareway or approved support.
Exception No. 3: Where the roof has a slope of not less than 100 mm in 300 m (4 in. in 12 in.), a reduction in clearance to not less than 900 mm (3 ft) shall be permitted.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electric Safety Code, Part 2, Safety Rules for Overhead Lines, for additional information regarding overhead wires and cables.
770.47 Underground Optical Fiber Cables Entering Buildings. Underground optical fiber cables entering buildings shall comply with 770.47(A) and (B).
(A) Underground Systems with Electric Light, Power, Class 1, or Non-Power-Limited Fire Alarm Circuit Conductors. Under- ground conductive optical fiber cables entering buildings with electric light, power, Class 1, or non-power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors in a raceway, handhole enclosure, or manhole shall be located in a section separated from such conductors by means of brick, concrete, or tile partitions or by means of a suitable barrier.
(B) Direct-Buried Cables and Raceways. Direct-buried conduc- tive optical fiber cables shall be separated by at least 300 mm (12 in.) from conductors of any electric light, power, non- power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors, or Class 1 circuit.
Exception No. 1: Separation shall not be required where the electric seru- ice conductors are installed in raceways or have metal cable armor.
Exception No. 2: Separation shall not be required where electric light or power branch-circuit or feeder conductors, non-power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors, or Class 1 circuit conductors are installed in a race- way or in metal-sheathed, metal-clad, or Type UF or Type USE cables.
770.48 Unlisted Cables Entering Buildings.
(A) Conductive and Nonconductive Cables. Unlisted conduc- tive and nonconductive outside plant optical fiber cables shall
be permitted to be installed in building spaces, other than risers, ducts used for environmental air, plenums used for envi- ronmental air, and other spaces used for environmental air, where the length of the cable within the building, measured from its point of entrance, does not exceed 15 m (50 ft) and the cable enters the building from the outside and is termina- ted in an enclosure.
The point of entrance shall be permitted to be extended from the penetration of the external wall, roof, or floor slab by continuously enclosing the entrance optical fiber cables in rigid metal conduit (RMC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) to the point of emergence.
Informational Note: Splice cases or tenninal boxes, both metal- lic and plastic types, typically are used as enclosures for splicing or terminating optical fiber cables.
(B) Nonconductive Cables in Raceway. Unlisted nonconduc- tive outside plant optical fiber cables shall be permitted to enter the building from the outside and shall be perinitted to be installed in any of the following raceways:
(1) Internediate metal conduit (IMC)
(2) Rigid metal conduit (R.MC)
(3) Rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC)
(4) Electrical metallic tubing (EMT)
Unlisted nonconductive outside plant cables installed in rigid polyvinyl chloride conduit (PVC) or electrical metallic tubing (EVT) shall not be installed in risers, ducts used for environmental air, plenums used for environmental air, and other spaces used for environmental air.
770.49 Metal Entrance Conduit Grounding. Metal conduit containing optical fiber entrance cable shall be connected by a bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor to a grounding electrode or, where present, the building grounding electrode system in accordance with 770.100(B).
Part III. Protection
770.93 Grounding, Bonding, or Interruption of Non-Current- Carrying Metallic Members of Optical Fiber Cables. Optical fiber cables entering the building or terminating on the outside of the building shall comply with 770.93(A) or (B).
(A) Entering Buildings. In installations where an optical fiber cable is exposed to contact with electric light or power conduc- tors and the cable enters the building, the non-current- carrying metallic members shall be either grounded or bonded as specified in 770.100 or interrupted by an insulating joint or equivalent device. The grounding or interruption shall be as close as practicable to the point of entrance.
(B) Terminating on the Outside of Buildings. In installations where an optical fiber cable is exposed to contact with electric light or power conductors and the cable is terminated on the outside of the building, the non-current-carrying metallic members shall be either grounded or bonded as specified in 770.100 or interrupted by an insulating joint or equivalent device. The grounding, bonding, or interruption shall be as close as practicable to the point of termination of the cable.
70-678
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
770.100
ARTICLE 770 - OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
Part IV. Grounding Methods
770.100 Entrance Cable Bonding and Grounding. If required, the non-current-carrying metallic members of optical fiber cables entering buildings shall be bonded or grounded as specified in 770.100(A) through (D).
(A) Bonding Conductor or Grounding Electrode Conductor.
(1) Insulation. The bonding conductor or grounding elec- trode conductor shall be listed and shall be permitted to be insulated, covered, or barc.
(2) Material. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be copper or other corrosion-resistant conduc- tive material, stranded or solid.
(3) Size. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall not be smaller than 14 AWG. It shall have a current-carrying capacity not less than that of the grounded metallic member(s). The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall not be required to exceed 6 AWG.
(4) Length. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be as short as practicable. In one- and two- family dwellings, the bonding conductor or grounding elec- trode conductor shall be as short as practicable not to exceed 6.0 m (20 ft) in length.
Informational Note: Similar bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor length limitations applied at apartment buildings and commercial buildings help to reduce voltages that may develop between the building's power and communications systems during lightning events.
Exception: In one- and two-family dwellings if it is not practicable to achieve an overall maximum bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor length of 6.0 m (20 ft), a separate ground rod meeting the minimum dimensional criteria of 770.100(B)(3)(2) shall be driven, the grounding electrode conductor shall be connected to the separate ground rod in accordance with 770.100(C), and the separate ground rod shall be bonded to the power grounding electrode system in accord- ance with 770.100(D).
(5) Run in Straight Line. The bonding conductor or ground- ing electrode conductor shall be run in as straight a line as practicable.
(6) Physical Protection. Bonding conductors and grounding electrode conductors shall be protected where exposed to phys- ical damage. Where the bonding conductor or grounding elec- trode conductor is installed in a metal raceway, both ends of the raceway shall be bonded to the contained conductor or to the same terminal or electrode to which the bonding conduc- tor or grounding electrode conductor is connected.
(B) Electrode. The bonding conductor and grounding clec- trode conductor shall be connected in accordance with 770.100(B)(1), (B)(2), or (B)(3).
(1) In Buildings or Structures with an Intersystem Bonding Termination. If the building or structure served has an inter- system bonding termination as required by 250.94, the bonding conductor shall be connected to the intersystem bonding termination.
Informational Note: See Infonnational Note Figure 800.100(B) (1) for an illustration of the application of the bonding conduc- tor in buildings or structures equipped with an intersystem bonding termination.
(2) In Buildings or Structures with Grounding Means. If an intersystem bonding termination is established, 250.94(A) shall apply.
If the building or structure served has no intersystem bond- ing termination, the bonding conductor or grounding elec- trode conductor shall be connected to the nearest accessible location on one of the following:
(1) The building or structure grounding electrode system as covered in 250.50
(2) The power service accessible means external to enclo- sures using the options identified in 250.94(A), Excep- tion
(3) The nonflexible metal power service raceway
(4) The service equipment enclosure
(5) The grounding electrode conductor or the grounding electrode conductor metal enclosure of the power service
(6) The grounding electrode conductor or the grounding electrode of a building or structure disconnecting means that is connected to a grounding electrode as covered in 250.32
(7) The grounded interior metal water piping system, within 1.5 m (5 ft) from its point of entrance to the building, as covered in 250.52
Informational Note: See Infonnational Note Figure 800.100(B) (2) for an illustration of the application of the bonding conduc- tor in buildings or structures not equipped with an intersystem bonding termination or terminal block providing access to the building grounding electrode system.
(3) In Buildings or Structures Without Intersystem Bonding Termination or Grounding Means. If the building or structure served has no intersystem bonding termination or grounding means, as described in 770.100(B) (2), the grounding electrode conductor shall be connected to either of the following:
(1) To any one of the individual grounding electrodes described in 250.52(A) (1), (A)(2), (A)(3), or (A) (4).
(2) If the building or structure served has no grounding mcans, as described in 770.100(B) (2) or (B) (3)(1), to any one of the individual grounding electrodes described in 250.52(A) (7) and (A) (8) or to a ground rod or pipe not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) in length and 12.7 mm (V/s in.) in diameter, driven, where practicable, into permanently damp carth and separated from lightning protection system conductors as covered in 800.53 and at least 1.8 m (6 ft) from electrodes of other systems. Steam, hot water pipes, or lightning protection system conductors shall not be employed as electrodes for non-current-carrying metallic members.
(C) Electrode Connection. Connections to grounding electro- des shall comply with 250.70.
(D) Bonding of Electrodes. A bonding jumper not smaller than 6 AWG copper or equivalent shall be connected between the grounding electrode and power grounding electrode system at the building or structure served where separate elec- trodes are used.
Exception: At mobile homes as covered in 770.106.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.60 for connection to a light- ning protection system.
Informational Note No. 2: Bonding together of all separate elec- trodes limits potential differences between them and between their associated wiring systems.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-679
770.106
ARTICLE 770 -OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
770.106 Grounding and Bonding of Entrance Cables at Mobile Homes.
(A) Grounding. Grounding shall comply with 770.106(A) (1) and (A) (2).
(1) Installations Without Mobile Home Service Equipment. If there is no mobile home service equipment located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, the non-current-carrying metallic members of optical fiber cables entering the mobile home shall be grounded in accord- ance with 770.100(B) (3).
(2) Installations Without Mobile Home Disconnecting Means. If there is no mobile home disconnecting means grounded in accordance with 250.32 and located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, the non-current- carrying metallic members of optical fiber cables entering the mobile home shall be grounded in accordance with 770.100(B) (3).
(B) Bonding. The grounding electrode shall be bonded to the metal frame or available grounding terminal of the mobile home with a copper conductor or other equivalent corrosion- resistant material not smaller than 12 AWG under either of the following conditions:
(1) If there is no mobile home service equipment or discon- necting means as in 770.106(A)
(2) If the mobile home is supplied by cord and plug
Part V. Installation Methods Within Buildings
770.110 Raceways, Cable Routing Assemblies, and Cable Trays for Optical Fiber Cables.
(A) Types of Raceways. Optical fiber cables shall be permitted to be installed in any raceway that complics with cither 770.110(A) (1) or (A) (2).
(1) Raceways Recognized in Chapter 3. Optical fiber cables shall be permitted to be installed in any raceway included in Chapter 3. The raceways shall be installed in accordance with Chapter 3.
(2) Communications Raceways. Optical fiber cables shall be permitted to be installed in listed communications raceways selected in accordance with Table 800.154(b).
(B) Raceway Fill for Optical Fiber Cables. Raceway fill for optical fiber cables shall comply with cither 770.110(B) (1) or (B) (2).
(1) Without Electric Light or Power Conductors. Where opti- cal fiber cables are installed in raceway without electric light or power conductors, the raceway fill requirements of Chapters 3 and 9 shall not apply.
(2) Nonconductive Optical Fiber Cables with Electric Light or Power Conductors. Where nonconductive optical fiber cables are installed with electric light or power conductors in a race- way, the raceway fill requirements of Chapters 3 and 9 shall apply.
(C) Cable Routing Assemblies. Optical fiber cables shall be permitted to be installed in listed cable routing assemblies selected in accordance with Table 800.154(c).
(D) Cable Trays. Optical fiber cables shall be permitted to be installed in metal or listed nonmetallic cable tray systems.
770.111 Innerduct for Optical Fiber Cables. Listed plenum communications raceways, listed riser communications race- ways, and listed general-purpose communications raceways selected in accordance with Table 800.154(b) shall be permit- ted to be installed as innerduct in any type of listed raceway permitted in Chapter 3.
770.113 Installation of Optical Fiber Cables. Installation of optical fiber cables shall comply with 770.113(A) through (J). Installation of raceways and cable routing assemblies shall comply with 770.110.
(A) Listing. Optical fiber cables installed in buildings shall be listed in accordance with 770.179 and installed in accordance with the limitations of the listing.
Exception: Optical fiber cables that are installed in compliance with 770.48 shall not be required to be listed.
(B) Ducts Specifically Fabricated for Environmental Air. Instal- lations of optical fiber cables in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air shall be in accordance with 770.113(B) (1) and (B)(2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables shall be permitted in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air as described in 300.22(B) if they are directly associated with the air distribu- tion system:
(1) Up to 1.22 m (4 ft) of Types OFNP and OFCP
(2) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in raceways that are installed in compliance with 300.22(B)
Informational Note: For infonnation on fire protection of wiring installed in fabricated ducts, see NFPA 90A-2018, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems.
(2) Uses Not Permitted. Types OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC shall not be permitted to be installed in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air as described in 300.22(B).
Informational Note: See NFPA 90A-2021, Standard for the Installa- tion of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, for information on fire protection of wiring installed in fabricated ducts.
(C) Other Spaces Used for Environmental Air (Plenums). Installations of optical fiber cables in other spaces used for environmental air shall be in accordance with 770.113(C) (1) and (C)(2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables shall be permitted in other spaces used for environmental air as described in 300.22(C):
(1) Types OFNP and OFCP
(2) Types OFNP and OFCP installed in plenum communica- tions raceways
(3) Types OFNP and OFCP installed in plenum cable routing assemblies
(4) Types OFNP and OFCP supported by open metal cable tray systems
(5) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in raceways that are installed in compliance with 300.22(C)
70-680
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 770 -OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
770.114
(6) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers in other spaces used for environ- mental air (plenums), as described in 300.22(C)
(7) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in plenum riser and general-purpose communications raceways supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums), as described in 300.22(C)
(2) Uses Not Permitted. Types OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC shall not be permitted to be installed in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums).
Informational Note: See NFPA 90A-2018, Standard for the Installa- tion of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, for information on fire protection of wiring installed in other spaces used for envi- ronmental air.
(D) Risers - Cables in Vertical Runs. Installations of optical fiber cables in vertical runs shall be in accordance with 770.113(D)(1) and (D)(2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables shall be permitted in vertical runs penetrating one or more floors and in vertical runs in a shaft:
(1) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, and OFCR
(2) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, and OFCR installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Plenum cable routing assemblies
c. Riser communications raceways
d. Riser cable routing assemblies
(2) Uses Not Permitted. Types OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC shall not be permitted to be installed in vertical runs.
Informational Note: See 770.26 for firestop requirements for floor penetrations.
(E) Risers - Cables Permitted in Metal Raceways. The follow- ing cables and innerducts shall be permitted in metal raceways in a riser having firestops at cach floor:
(1) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC
(2) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways (innerduct)
b. Riser communications raceways (innerduct)
c. General-purpose communications raceways (inner- duct)
Informational Note: See 770.26 for firestop requirements for floor penetrations.
(F) Risers - Cables Permitted in Fireproof Shafts. The following cables shall be permitted to be installed in fireproof riser shafts having firestops at cach floor:
(1) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC
(2) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Plenum cable routing assemblies
c. Riser communications raceways
d. Riser cable routing assemblies
c. General-purpose communications raceways f. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
Informational Note: See 770.26 for firestop requirements for floor penetrations.
(G) Risers - Cables Permitted in One- and Two-Family Dwell- ings. The following cables shall be permitted in one- and two- family dwellings:
(1) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC
(2) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Plenum cable routing as.semblics
c. Riser communications raceways
d. Riser cable routing assemblies
c. General-purpose communications raceways
f. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(H) Cable Trays - Cables Permitted. The following cables shall be permitted to be supported by cable trays:
(1) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC
(2) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raccways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. General-purpose communications raceways
(I) Distributing Frames and Cross-Connect Arrays - Cables Permitted. The following cables shall be permitted to be instal- led in distributing frames and cross-connect arrays:
(1) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC
(2) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Plenum cable routing as.semblics
c. Riser communications raceways
d. Riser cable routing assemblies
c. General-purpose communications raceways
f. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(J) Other Building Locations - Cables Permitted. The follow- ing cables shall be permitted to be installed in building loca- tions other than the locations covered in 770.113(B) through (I):
(1) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC
(2) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Plenum cable routing as.semblics
c. Riser communications raceways
d. Riser cable routing assemblies
c. General-purpose communications raceways
f. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(3) Types OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR, OFNG, OFCG, OFN, and OFC installed in a raceway of a type recognized in Chapter 3
770.114 Grounding. Non-current-carrying conductive members of optical fiber cables shall be bonded to a grounded
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-681
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
770.133
ARTICLE 770 -OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
equipment rack or enclosure, or grounded in accordance with the grounding methods specified by 770.100(B) using a conductor specified in 770.100(A).
770.133 Installation of Optical Fibers and Electrical Conduc- tors.
(A) In Cable Trays and Raceways. Conductive optical fiber cables contained in an armored or metal-clad-type sheath and nonconductive optical fiber cables shall be permitted to occupy the same cable tray or raceway with conductors for electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, Type ITC, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits operating at 1000 volts or less. Conductive optical fiber cables without an armored or metal-clad-type sheath shall not be permitted to occupy the same cable tray or raceway with conductors for electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, Type ITC, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits, unless all of the conduc- tors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits are separated from all of the optical fiber cables by a permanent barrier or listed divider.
(B) In Cabinets, Outlet Boxes, and Similar Enclosures. Nonconductive optical fiber cables shall not be permitted to occupy the same cabinet, outlet box, panel, or similar enclo- sure housing the electrical terminations of an electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit unless one or more of the following conditions exist:
(1) The nonconductive optical fiber cables are functionally associated with the electric light, power, Class 1, non- power-limited fire alarm, or medium-power network- powered broadband communications circuit.
(2) The conductors for electric light, power, Class 1, non- power-limited fire alarm, Type ITC, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits operate at 1000 volts or less.
(3) The nonconductive optical fiber cables and the electrical terminations of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power- limited fire alarm, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuit are installed in factory- or field-assembled control centers.
(4) The nonconductive optical fiber cables are installed in an industrial establishment where conditions of mainte- nance and supervision ensure that only qualified persons service the installation.
When optical fibers are within the same hybrid cable for electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits operating at 1000 volts or less, they shall be permitted to be installed only where the functions of the optical fibers and the electrical conductors are associated.
Optical fibers in hybrid optical fiber cables containing only current-carrying conductors for electric light, power, or Class 1 circuits rated 1000 volts or less shall be permitted to occupy the same cabinet, cable tray, outlet box, panel, raceway, or other termination enclosure with conductors for electric light, power, or Class 1 circuits operating at 1000 volts or less.
Optical fibers in hybrid optical fiber cables containing current-carrying conductors for electric light, power, or Class 1 circuits rated over 1000 volts shall be permitted to occupy the same cabinet, cable tray, outlet box, panel, raceway, or other
termination enclosure with conductors for electric light, power, or Class 1 circuits in industrial establishments, where condi- tions of maintenance and supervision ensure that only quali- fied persons service the installation.
(C) With Other Circuits. Conductive and nonconductive opti- cal fiber cables shall be permitted in the same raceway, cable tray, box, enclosure, or cable routing assembly, with conductors of any of the following:
(1) Class 2 and Class 3 remote-control, signaling, and power- limited circuits in compliance with 645.5(E) (2) or Parts I and II of Article 725
(2) Power-limited fire alarm systems in compliance with Parts I and III of Article 760
(3) Communications circuits in compliance with Parts I and V of Article 805
(4) Community antenna television and radio distribution systems in compliance with Parts I and V of Article 820
(5) Low-power network-powered broadband communications circuits in compliance with Parts I and V of Article 830
(D) Support of Optical Fiber Cables. Raccways shall be used for their intended purpose. Optical fiber cables shall not be strapped, taped, or attached by any means to the exterior of any conduit or raccway as a means of support.
Exception: Overhead (aerial) spans of optical fiber cables shall be permitted to be attached to the exterior of a raceway-type mast intended for the attachment and support of such cables.
770.154 Applications of Listed Optical Fiber Cables. Permit- ted and nonpermitted applications of listed optical fiber cables shall be as indicated in Table 770.154(a). The permitted appli- cations shall be subject to the installation requirements of 770.110 and 770.113. The substitutions for optical fiber cables in Table 770.154(b) and illustrated in Figure 770.154 shall be permitted.
Part VI. Listing Requirements
770.179 Optical Fiber Cables. Optical fiber cables shall be listed and identified in accordance with 770.179(A) through (G) and shall be marked in accordance with Table 770.179. Optical fiber cables shall have a temperature rating of not less than 60 (140°F). The temperature rating shall be marked on the jacket of optical fiber cables that have a temperature rating exceeding 60 (140°F).
Informational Note: See UL 1651-2015, Standard for Optical Fiber Cable, for information on optical fiber cables.
(A) Types OFNP and OFCP. Types OFNP and OFCP noncon- ductive and conductive optical fiber plenum cables shall be suitable for use in ducts, plenums, and other space used for environmental air and shall also have adequate fire-resistant and low-smoke-producing characteristics.
Informational Note: See NFPA 262-2019, Standard Method of Test for Flame Travel and Smoke of Wires and Cables for Use in Air- Handling Spaces, for one method of defining that a cable has adequate fire-resistant and low-smoke-producing characteristics where the cable exhibits a maximumn peak optical density of 0.50 or less, an average optical density of 0.15 or less, and a maxi- mum flame spread distance of 1.52 m (5 ft) or less.
70-682
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
770.179
ARTICLE 770 -OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
Table 770.154(a) Applications of Listed Optical Fiber Cables in Buildings
Listed Optical Fiber
Cable Type
Applications
OFNP, OFCP
OFNR, OFCR
OFNG, OFCG, OFN, OFC
In ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air as described in 300.22(B)
In fabricated ducts
Y*
7.
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(B)
Y*
Y*
Y*
In other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) as described in 300.22(C)
In other spaces used for environmental air
Y*
V
7
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(C)
Y*
Y*
In plenum communications raceways
Y*
7
7
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y*
.V
7
Supported by open metal cable trays
Y*
V
V
Supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers
Y*
Y*
Y*
In risers
In vertical runs
Y*
Y*
7
In metal raceways
Y*
Y*
Y*
In fireproof shafts
Y*
Y*
In plenum communications raceways
Y*
Y*
V
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
V
In riser communications raceways
Y*
Y*
7.
In riser cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
Y*
In one-and two-family dwellings
Y*
Y*
Y*
Supported by cable trays
Y*
Y*
Y*
In distributing frames and cross- connect arrays
Y*
Y*
Y*
In any raceway recognized in Chapter 3
Y*
Y*
Y*
In plenum communications raceway
Y*
Y*
Y*
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
Y*
In riser communications raceways
Y*
Y*
Y*
In riser cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
Y*
In general-purpose communications raceways
Y*
Y*
Y*
In general-purpose cable routing assemblies
Y*
Y*
Y*
Note: "N" indicates that the cable type shall not be permitted to be installed in the application. "Y*" indicates that the cable type shall be permitted to be installed in the application subject to the limitations described in 770.110 and 770.113. Informational Note No. 1: Part V of Article 770 covers installation methods within buildings. This table covers the applications of listed optical fiber cables in buildings. The definition of Point of Entrance is in 770.2. Informational Note No. 2: For information on the restrictions to the installation of optical fiber cables in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air, see 770.113(B).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-683
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
Within buildings in other than air-handling spaces and risers
General
Y*
770.179
ARTICLE 770 - OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
Table 770.154(b) Cable Substitutions
Cable Type
Permitted Substitutions
OFNP
None
OFCP
OFNP
OFNR
OFNP
OFCR
OFNP, OFCP, OFNR
OFNG, OFN
OFNP, OFNR
OFCG, OFC
OFNP, OFCP, OFNR, OFCR,
OFNG, OFN
Nonconductive
Conductive
Plenum
OFNP
OFCP
Riser
OFNR
OFCR
General purpose
OFNG OFN
OFCG OFC
A Cable A shall be permitted to be used in place of cable B.
FIGURE 770.154 Cable Substitution Hierarchy.
Table 770.179 Cable Markings
Cable Marking
Typ
OFNP
Nonconductive optical fiber plenum cable
OFCP
Conductive optical fiber plenum cable
OFNR
Nonconductive optical fiber riser cable
OFCR
Conductive optical fiber riser cable
OFNG
Nonconductive optical fiber general-purpose cable
OFCG
Conductive optical fiber general-purpose cable
OFN
Nonconductive optical fiber general-purpose cable
OFC
Conductive optical fiber general-purpose cable
(B) Types OFNR and OFCR. Types OFNR and OFCR noncon- ductive and conductive optical fiber riser cables shall be suita- ble for use in a vertical run in a shaft or from floor to floor and shall also have the fire-resistant characteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1666-2017, Standard Test for Flame Propagation Height of Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cable Installed Vertically in Shafts, for one method of defining fire-resistant char- acteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
(C) Types OFNG and OFCG. Types OFNG and OFCG nonconductive and conductive general-purpose optical fiber cables shall be suitable for general-purpose use, with the excep- tion of risers and plenums, and shall also be resistant to the spread of fire
Informational Note No. 1: See CSA Vertical Flame Test - Cables in Cable Trays, as described in CSA C22.2 No. 0.3-2009 (R2019), Test Methods for Electrical Wires and Cables, for one method of defining resistant to the spread of fire for the damage (char length) not to exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.) when performing the test.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/CL 1685-2015, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Fler- trical and Optical-Fiber Cables, for another method of defining resistant to the spread of fire where the cables do not spread fire to the top of the tray in the UL flame exposure, vertical tray flame test. The smoke measurements in the test method are not appli- cable.
(D) Types OFN and OFC. Types OFN and OFC nonconduc- tive and conductive optical fiber cables shall be suitable for general-purpose use, with the exception of risers, plenums, and other spaces used for environmental air, and shall also be resist- ant to the spread of fire.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/CL 1685-2015, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Eler- trical and Optical-Fiber Cables, for one method of defining resistant to the spread of fire where the cables do not spread fire to the top of the tray in the UL flame exposure, vertical tray flame test. The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
Informational Note No. 2: See CSA Vertical Flame Test - Cables in Cables Trays, as described in CSA C22.2 No. 0.3-2009 (R2019), Test Methods for Electrical Wires and Cables, for another method of defining resistant to the spread of fire where the damage (char length) does not exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.).
Informational Note No. 3: Cable types are listed in descending order of fire resistance rating. Within each fire resistance rating, nonconductive cable is listed first because it is often substituted for conductive cable.
(E) Circuit Integrity (CI), Fire-Resistive Cable System, or Elec- trical Circuit Protective System. Cables that are used for surviv- ability of critical circuits under fire conditions shall meet either 770.179(E)(1), (E)(2), or (E)(3).
(1) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cables. Cables specified in 770.179(A) through (D), and used for survivability of critical circuits, shall be marked with the additional classification using the suffix "CI." In order to maintain its listed fire rating, CI cable shall only be installed in free air in accordance with 770.24. CI cables shall only be permitted to be installed in a raceway where specifically listed and marked as part of a fire- resistive cable system as covered in 770.179(E) (2).
Informational Note: See UL 2196, Standard for Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for one method of defining CI cable for establishing a minimum 2-hour fire resistance rating for the cable as specified in UL 1651, Optical Fiber Cable. UL. Guide Information for Optical Cable Fiber (QAYK) contains information to identify the cable and its installation limitations to maintain the fire-resistive rating.
(2) Fire-Resistive Cables. Cables specified in 770.179(A) through (D) and 770.179(E) (1) that are part of an electrical circuit protective system shall be fire-resistive cable and identi- ficd with the protective system number on the product or on the smallest unit container in which the product is packaged and installed in accordance with the listing of the protective system.
Informational Note: See UL 2196, Standard for Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for one method of defining an electrical circuit protec- tive system for establishing a rating for the system. UL Guide Information for Electrical Circuit Integrity Systems (FHIT) contains information to identify the system and its installation limitations to maintain a minimum fire-resistive rating.
70-684
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 770 - OPTICAL FIBER CABLES
770.180
(F) Field-Assembled Optical Fiber Cables. Field-assembled optical fiber cable shall comply with the following:
(1) The specific combination of jacket and optical fibers intended to be installed as a field-assembled optical fiber cable shall be one of the types in 770.179(A), (B), or (D) and shall be marked in accordance with Table 770.179.
(2) The jacket of a field-assembled optical fiber cable shall have a surface marking indicating the specific optical fibers with which it is identified for usc.
(3) The optical fibers shall have a permanent marking, such as a marker tape, indicating the jacket with which they are identified for usc.
(4) The jacket without fibers shall meet the listing require- ments for communications raceways in 800.182(A), (B), or (C) in accordance with the cable marking.
(G) Optional Markings. Cables shall be permitted to be surface marked to indicate special characteristics of the cable materials.
Informational Note: These markings can include, but are not limited to, markings for limited-smoke halogen-free, low-smoke halogen-free, and sunlight resistance.
770.180 Grounding Devices. Where bonding or grounding is required, devices used to connect a shield, a sheath, or non- current-carrying metallic members of a cable to a bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be listed or be part of listed equipment.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-685
CHAPTER 8
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
Chapter 8 Communications Systems
ARTICLE 800 General Requirements for Communications Systems
Part I. General
800.1 Scope. This article covers general requirements for communications systems. These general requirements apply to communications circuits, community antenna television and radio distribution systems, network-powered broadband communications systems, and premises-powered broadband communications systems, unless modified by Articles 805, 820, 830, or 840.
Informational Note No. 1: See 90.2(D)(4) for installations of circuits and equipment that are not covered.
Informational Note No. 2: See Part II of Article 725 for informa- tion on the installation of Class 2 and Class 3 circuits and 722.135(E) for the substitution of communications cables for Class 2 and Class 3 cables.
Informational Note No. 3: See Part II of Article 760 for informa- tion on the installation of power-limited fire alarm circuits, including the substitution of communications cables for power- limited fire alarn cables.
800.2 Reconditioned Equipment. The requirements of 110.21 (A) (2) shall apply.
800.3 Other Articles. Only those sections of Chapters 1 through 7 referenced in Chapter 8 shall apply to Chapter 8. The definitions from Article 100 apply to Chapter 8. Installa- tions of circuits and equipment shall comply with 800.3(A) through (I).
(A) Output Circuits. As appropriate for the services provided, the output circuits derived from a network-powered broadband communications system's network interface unit (NIU) or from a premises-powered broadband communications system's network terminal shall comply with the requirements of the following:
(1) Installations of Class 2 and Class 3 circuits - Part II of Article 725 and Parts I and II of Article 722
(2) Installations of power-limited fire alarm circuits - Part III of Article 760
(3) Installations of optical fiber cables - Part V of Article 770
(4) Installations of communications circuits - Part IV of Arti- clc 805
Informational Note: The communications circuits covered by Article 805 are commonly referred to as POTS (plain old tele- phone service) circuits.
(5) Installations of premises (within buildings) community antenna television and radio distribution circuits - Part V of Article 820
(B) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. Circuits and equipment installed in a location that is classified in accordance with 500.5 and 505.5 shall comply with the applicable requirements of Chapter 5.
(C) Wiring in Ducts for Dust, Loose Stock, or Vapor Removal. The requirements of 300.22(A) shall apply.
(D) Equipment in Other Space Used for Environmental Air. The requirements of 300.22(C) (3) shall apply.
(E) Installation and Use. The requirements of 110.3(B) shall apply.
(F) Optical Fiber Cable. Where optical fiber cable is used to provide a communications circuit within a building, Article 770 shall apply.
(G) Vertical Support for Fire-Resistive Cables and Conductors. Vertical installations of circuit integrity (CI) cables and conduc- tors installed in a raceway or conductors and cables of fire- resistive cable systems shall be installed in accordance with 300.19.
(H) Bonding and Grounding of Cable Shields. The require- ments of 250.4(A) (5) shall apply to the metal shields of cables used for communications.
800.21 Access to Electrical Equipment Behind Panels Designed to Allow Access. Access to electrical equipment shall not be denied by an accumulation of wires and cables that prevents removal of panels, including suspended ceiling panels.
800.24 Mechanical Execution of Work.
(A). General. Circuits and equipment shall be installed in a neat and workmanlike manner. Cables installed exposed on the surface of ceilings and sidewalls shall be supported by the building structure in such a manner that the cable will not be damaged by normal building usc. Such cables shall be secured by hardware, including straps; staples: cable tics listed and iden- tified for securement and support; and hangers, or similar fittings, designed and installed so as not to damage the cable. The installation shall also conform to 300.4 and 300.11. Plenum cable ties and other nonmetallic cable accessories used to secure and support cables in other spaces used for environ- mental air (plenums) shall be listed as having low smoke and heat release properties in accordance with 800.170.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/BICSI N1-2019, Installation Practices for Telecommunications and IC Cabling and Related Cabling Infrastructure, ANSI/TIA-568.1- E-2020, Commercial Building Tele- communications Infrastructure Standard; ANSI/TIA-569-E-2019, Telecommunications Pathways and Spares; ANSI/TIA-570-C-2012, Residential Telecommunications Infrastructure Standard; ANSI/ TIA-1005-A-2012, Telecommunications Infrastructure Standard for Industrial Premises; ANSI/ TIA-1179-A-2017, Healthcare Facility Telecommunications Infrastructure Standard; ANSI/TIA-4966-2014, Telecommunications Infrastructure Standard for Educational Facilities; and other ANSI-approved installation standards for accepted industry practices.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 90A-2021, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, for discrete combustible components installed in accordance with 300.22(C).
Informational Note No. 3: Paint, plaster, cleaners, abrasives, corrosive residues, or other contaminants may result in an unde- termined alteration of wire and cable properties.
70-686
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
800.44
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
(B) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cable. CI cable shall be supported at a distance not exceeding 610 mm (24 in.). Cable shall be secured to the noncombustible surface of the building struc- turc. Cable supports and fasteners shall be steel.
800.25 Abandoned Cables. The accessible portion of aban- doned cables shall be removed. Where cables are identified for future use with a tag, the tag shall be of sufficient durability to withstand the environment involved.
800.26 Spread of Fire or Products of Combustion. Installa- tions of cables, communications raceways, cable routing as.sem- blics in hollow spaces, vertical shafts, and ventilation or air- handling ducts shall be made so that the possible spread of fire or products of combustion will not be substantially increased. Openings around penetrations of cables, communications race- ways, and cable routing assemblies through fire-resistant-rated walls, partitions, floors, or ceilings shall be firestopped using approved methods to maintain the fire resistance rating.
Informational Note: Directories of electrical construction mate- rials published by qualified testing laboratories contain many listing installation restrictions necessary to maintain the fire- resistive rating of assemblies where penetrations or openings are made. Building codes also contain restrictions on membrane penetrations on opposite sides of a fire resistance-rated wall assembly. An example is the 600 mm (24 in.) minimum horizon- tal separation that usually applies between boxes installed on opposite sides of the wall. Assistance in complying with 800.26 can be found in building codes, fire resistance directories, and product listings.
800.27 Temperature Limitation of Wires and Cables. No wirc or cable shall be used in such a manner that its operating temperature exceeds that of its rating.
Part II. Wires and Cables Outside and Entering Buildings
800.44 Overhead (Aerial) Wires and Cables. Overhead (acrial) communications wires and cables and CATV-typc coaxial cables entering buildings shall comply with 800.44(A) through (D).
Informational Note: See ANSI C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, Part 2 Safety Rules for Overhead Lines, for additional informa- tion regarding overhead (aerial) wires and cables.
(A) On Poles, In-Span, Above Roofs, on Masts, or Between Buildings. If communications wires and cables or CATV-typc coaxial cables and electric light or power conductors are supported by the same pole or are run parallel to cach other in-span, the conditions described in 800.44(A) (1) through (A) (4) shall be met.
(1) Relative Location. If practicable, the communications wires and cables and CATV- type coaxial cables shall be located below the electric light or power conductors.
(2) Attachment to Cross-Arms. Communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall not be attached to a cross-arm that carries electric light or power conductors.
(3) Climbing Space. The climbing space through wires and cables shall comply with the requirements of 225.14(B).
(4) Clearance. Supply service drops and sets of overhead serv- ice conductors of 0 volts to 750 volts running above and paral- lel to communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial service drops shall have a minimum separation of 300 mm
(12 in.) at any point in the span, including the point of their attachment to the building, provided that the ungrounded conductors are insulated and that a clearance of not less than 1.0 m (40 in.) is maintained between the two services at the polc.
(B) Above Roofs. Communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall have a vertical clearance of not less than 2.5 m (8 ft) from all points of roofs above which they pass.
Exception No. 1: Communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall not be required to have a vertical clearance of not less than 2.5 m (8 ft) above auxiliary buildings, such as garages and the like.
Exception No. 2: A reduction in clearance above only the overhanging portion of the mof to not less than 450 mm (18 in.) shall be permitted af (1) not more than 1.2 m (4 ft) of communications and CATV-type service-drop conductors pass above the roof overhang and (2) they are terminated at a through- or above-the roof raceway or approved support.
Exception No. 3: Where the mof has a slope of not less than 100 mm in 300 mm (4 in. in 12 in.), a reduction in clearance to not less than 900 mm (3 ft) shall be permitted.
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, Part 2, Safety Rules for Overhead Lines, for additional information regarding overhead (aerial) wire and cables.
(C). On Masts. Overhead (acrial) communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall be permitted to be attached to an above-the-roof raceway mast that does not enclose or support conductors of electric light or power circuits.
(D) Between Buildings. Communications and CATV-typc coaxial cables extending between buildings or structures, and also the supports or attachment fixtures, shall be identified and shall have sufficient strength to withstand the loads to which they might be subjected.
Exception: If a communications cable or a CATV-type coaxial cable does not have sufficient strength to be self-supporting, it shall be attached to a supporting messenger cable that, together with the attach- ment fixtures or supports, shall be acceptable for the purpose and shall have sufficient strength to withstand the loads to which they may be subjected.
(E) On Buildings. Where attached to buildings, communica- tions wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall be securely fastened in such a manner that they will be separated from other conductors in accordance with 800.44(E) (1) and (E) (2).
(1) Electric Light or Power. The communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall have a separation of at least 100 mm (4 in.) from electric light, power, Class 1, or non-power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors not in raceway or cable, or shall be permanently separated from conductors of the other system by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconduc- tive barrier in addition to the insulation on the wires.
(2) Other Communications Systems. Communications wircs and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall be installed so that there will be no unnecessary interference in the mainte- nance of the separate systems. In no case shall the wires, cables, messenger strand, or equipment of one system cause abrasion
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-687
800.47
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
to the wires, cables, messenger strand, or equipment of any other system.
800.47 Underground Systems Entering Buildings. Under- ground communications wires and cables, CATV-type coaxial cables, and network-powered broadband communications cables entering buildings shall comply with 800.47(A) and (B). The requirements of 310.10(C) shall not apply to communica- tions wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables.
(A) Underground Systems with Electric Light, Power, Class 1, or Non-Power-Limited Fire Alarm Circuit Conductors. Under- ground communications wires and cables, CATV-type coaxial cables, and network-powered broadband communications cables in a raceway, pedestal, handhole enclosure, or manhole containing electric light, power, Class 1, or non-power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors shall be in a section separated from such conductors by means of brick, concrete, or tile parti- tions or by means of a suitable barrier.
(B) Direct-Buried Cables and Raceways. Direct-buried communications wires and cables, CATV-type coaxial cables, and network-powered broadband communications cables shall be separated at least 300 mm (12 in.) from conductors of any light or power, non-power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors, or Class 1 circuit.
Exception No. 1: Separation shall not be required if electric service conductors or all the direct-buried communications wires and cables, CATV-type coaxial cables, and network-powered broadband communi- cations cables are installed in raceways or have metal cable armor.
Exception No. 2: Separation shall not be required under one of the following conditions:
(1) If the electric light or power branch-circuit or feeder conductors or Class 1 circuit conductors are installed in a rareway or in metal- sheathed, metal-clad, or Type UF or Type USE cables
(2) If all the direct-buried communications wires cables, CATV-type coaxial cables, and network-powered broadband communications cables have metal cable armor or are installed in raceway
800.48 Unlisted Cables Entering Buildings. Unlisted outside plant communications cables and unlisted outside plant CATV- type coaxial cables shall be permitted to be installed in build- ing spaces other than risers, ducts used for environmental air, plenums used for environmental air, and other spaces used for environmental air if all of the following applies:
(1) The length of the cable within the building, measured from its point of entrance, does not exceed 15 m (50 ft).
(2) The cable enters the building from the outside.
(3) The unlisted outside plant communications cable is terminated in an enclosure or on a listed primary protec- tor, or the unlisted outside plant CATV type coaxial cable is terminated at a grounding block.
The point of entrance shall be permitted to be extended from the penetration of the external wall, roof, or floor slab by continuously enclosing the entrance cables in rigid metal conduit (RMC) or intermediate metal conduit (IMC) to the point of emergence.
Informational Note No. 1: Splice cases or terminal boxes, both metallic and plastic types, are typically used as enclosures for splicing or terminating communications cables.
Informational Note No. 2: This section limits the length of unlis- ted outside plant cable to 15 m (50 ft) from the point of entrance, while 805.90(B) requires that the primary protector
be located as close as practicable to the point of entrance of the cable. Therefore, in installations requiring a primary protector, the outside plant cable may not extend 15 m (50 ft) into the building if it is practicable to place the primary protector closer to the point of entrance.
800.49 Metal Entrance Conduit Grounding. Metal conduit containing entrance wire or cable shall be connected by a bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor to a grounding electrode or, where present, the building grounding electrode system in accordance with 800.100(B).
800.53 Separation from Lightning Conductors. Where practi- cable on buildings, a separation of at least 1.8 m (6 ft) shall bc maintained between lightning protection conductors and all communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI C2-2017 National Electrical Safety Code, Part 2, Safety Rules for Overhead Lines, for additional information regarding overhead (aerial) wires and cables.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, for infonnation on calculation of separation distances using the sideflash equation.
Part III. Grounding Methods
800.100 Cable and Primary Protector Bonding and Grounding.
(A) Bonding Conductor or Grounding Electrode Conductor.
(1) Insulation. The bonding conductor or grounding elec- trode conductor shall be listed and shall be permitted to be insulated, covered, or barc.
(2) Material. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be copper or other corrosion-resistant conduc- tive material, stranded or solid.
(3) Size. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall not be smaller than 14 AWG. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall have a current-carrying capacity not less than the aggregate of the grounded metal cable sheath member, the metal strength member(s), and the protected conductor(s) of the communi- cations cable, or the outer sheath of the coaxial cable, as appli- cable. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall not be required to exceed 6 AWG.
(4) Length. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be as short as practicable. In one- and two- family dwellings, the bonding conductor or grounding clcc- trode conductor shall be as short as practicable, not to exceed 6.0 m (20 ft) in length.
Informational Note: Similar bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor length limitations applied at apartment buildings and commercial buildings help to reduce voltages that may be developed between the building's power and communi- cations systems during lightning events. See ANSI/TIA-607- D-2019, Generic Telecommunications Bonding and Grounding (Earthing) for Customer Premises, which includes useful informa- tion to reduce such voltages.
Exception: In one- and two-family dwellings if it is not practicable to aclueve an overall maximum bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor length of 6.0 m (20 ft), a separate ground rod meeting the minimum dimensional criteria of 800.100(B)(3)(2) or (B)(3)(3) shall be driven, the bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall
70-688
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
800.100
be connected to the ground rod in accordance with 800.100(C), and the ground rod shall be connected to the power grounding electrode system in accordance with 800.100(D).
(5) Run in Straight Line. The bonding conductor or ground- ing electrode conductor shall be run in as straight a line as practicable.
(6) Physical Protection. Bonding conductors and grounding electrode conductors shall be protected where exposed to phys- ical damage. If the bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor is installed in a metal raceway, both ends of the race- way shall be bonded to the contained conductor or to the same terminal or electrode to which the bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor is connected.
(B) Electrode. The bonding conductor or grounding clec- trode conductor shall be connected in accordance with 800.100(B)(1), (B)(2), or (B)(3).
(1) In Buildings or Structures with an Intersystem Bonding Termination. If the building or structure served has an inter- system bonding termination as required by 250.94, the bonding conductor shall be connected to the intersystem bonding termination.
Informational Note: Informational Note Figure 800.100(B) (1) illustrates the connection of the bonding conductor in buildings or structures equipped with an intersystem bonding tennination or a terminal block providing access to the building grounding means.
(2) In Buildings or Structures with Grounding Means. If an intersystem bonding termination is established, 250.94(A) shall apply. If the building or structure served has no intersystem bonding termination, the bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be connected to the nearest accessi- ble location on one of the following:
(1) The building or structure grounding electrode system as covered in 250.50
Service equipment
Communications equipment, protector, or cable shield
Bonding conductor
Power service grounding electrode conductor
Intersystem bonding termination or terminal block to building grounding means
Grounding electrode
Informational Note Figure 800.100(B)(1) Illustration of a Bonding Conductor in a Communications Installation Equipped With an Intersystem Bonding Termination or Terminal Block Providing Access To the Building Grounding Means.
(2) The power service accessible means external to enclo- sures using the options identified in 250.94(A), Excep- tion
(3) The nonflexible metal power service raceway
(4) The service equipment enclosure
(5) The grounding electrode conductor or the grounding electrode conductor metal enclosure of the power service
(6) The grounding electrode conductor or the grounding electrode of a building or structure disconnecting means that is connected to a grounding electrode as covered in 250.32
(7) The grounded interior metal water piping system, within 1.5 m (5 ft) from its point of entrance to the building, as covered in 250.52
A bonding device intended to provide a termination point for the bonding conductor (intersystem bonding) shall not interfere with the opening of an equipment enclosure. A bond- ing device shall be mounted on nonremovable parts. A bond- ing device shall not be mounted on a door or cover even if the door or cover is nonremovable.
For purposes of this section, the mobile home service equip- ment or the mobile home disconnecting means located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, or at a mobile home disconnecting means connected to an electrode by a grounding electrode conductor in accordance with 250.32 and located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, shall be considered to meet the requirements of this section.
Informational Note: See Infonnational Note Figure 800.100(B) (2) for an illustration of a grounding electrode conductor and a bonding conductor in a communications installation not equip- ped with an intersystem bonding termination or terminal block.
(3) In Buildings or Structures Without an Intersystem Bonding Termination or Grounding Means. If the building or structure served has no intersystem bonding termination or grounding means, as described in 800.100(B) (2), the grounding electrode conductor shall be connected to one of the following:
(1) To any one of the individual grounding electrodes described in 250.52(A) (1), (A)(2), (A)(3), or (A) (4)
(2) If the building or structure served has no intersystem bonding termination or grounding means, as described in 800.100(B) (2) or (B)(3)(1), to any one of the individ- ual grounding electrodes described in 250.52(A) (5), (A)(7), and (A)(8)
(3) For communications circuits covered in Article 805 or network-powered broadband communications systems covered in Article 830, to a ground rod or pipe not less than 1.5 m (5 ft) in length and 12.7 mm (0.5 in.) in cliam- cter, driven, where practicable, into permanently damp carth and separated from lightning protection system conductors, as covered in 800.53, and at least 1.8 m (6 ft) from electrodes of other systems
Steam pipes, hot water pipes, or lightning protection system conductors shall not be employed as grounding electrodes or as a bonding or grounding electrode conductor for protectors and grounded metal members.
(C) Electrode Connection. Connections to grounding electro- des shall comply with 250.70.
(D) Bonding of Electrodes. A bonding jumper not smaller than 6 AWG copper or equivalent shall be connected between
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-689
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
800.106
Service equipment
Communications equipment, protector, or cable shield
-
Grounding electrode conductor
Power service grounding electrode conductor
Bonding conductor
Grounding electrodes
Informational Note Figure 800.100(B) (2) Illustration of a Grounding Electrode Conductor and a Bonding Conductor in a Communications Installation Not Equipped with an Intersystem Bonding Termination or Terminal Block Providing Access to the Building Grounding Means.
the grounding electrode and power grounding electrode system at the building or structure served if separate electrodes arc used.
Exception: Bonding of electrodes at mobile homes shall be in accordance with 800.106.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.60 for connection to a light- ning protection system.
Informational Note No. 2: Bonding together of all separate elec- trodes limits potential differences hetween them and between their associated wiring systems.
800.106 Primary Protector Grounding and Bonding at Mobile Homes.
(A) Grounding. Grounding shall comply with 800.106(A) (1) and (A)(2).
(1) Mobile Home Service Equipment. Where there is no mobile home service equipment located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, grounding shall comply with one of the following:
(1) The following components (if present) shall be connec- ted to a grounding electrode in accordance with 800.100(B) (3):
a. Primary protector grounding terminal
b. Network interface unit
c. Coaxial cable shield ground
d. Surge arrester grounding terminal
c. Network-powered broadband communications cable shield
f. Network-powered broadband communications cable metal members not used for communications or powering
(2) The non-current-carrying metal members of optical fiber cables shall be connected to a grounding electrode in accordance with 770.106(A) (1). The network terminal, if required to be grounded, shall be connected to a ground- ing electrode in accordance with 800.106(A) (1)(1). The
grounding electrode shall be bonded in accordance with 770.106(B).
(2) Mobile Home Feeder Disconnecting Means. Where there is no mobile home disconnecting means grounded in accord- ance with 250.32 and located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the cxtc- rior wall of the mobile home it serves, grounding shall comply with one of the following:
(1) The following components (if present) shall be connec- ted to a grounding electrode in accordance with 800.100(B) (3):
a. Primary protector grounding terminal
b. Network interface unit
c. Network-powered broadband communications shield
d. Network-powered broadband communications cable metal members not used for communications or powering
(2) The non-current-carrying metal members of optical fiber cables shall be connected to a grounding electrode in accordance with 770.106(A) (2). The network terminal, if required to be grounded, shall be connected to a ground- ing electrode in accordance with 800.106(A) (2). The grounding electrode shall be bonded in accordance with 770.106(B).
(B) Bonding. The primary protector grounding terminal or grounding electrode, network-powered broadband communi- cations cable grounding terminal, or network interface unit grounding, terminal shall be bonded together and connected to the metal frame or available grounding terminal of the mobile home with a copper conductor not smaller than 12 AWG under either of the following conditions:
(1) If there is no mobile home service equipment or discon- necting means as in 800.106(A)
(2) If the mobile home is supplied by cord and plug
Part IV. Installation Methods Within Buildings
800.110 Raceways, Cable Routing Assemblies, and Cable Trays.
(A) Types of Raceways. Wircs and cables shall be permitted to be installed in raceways that comply with 800.110(A) (1), 800.110(A)(2), or 800.110(A)(3). Medium-power network- powered broadband communications cables shall not be instal- lcd in raceways that comply with 800.110(A) (2).
(1) Raceways Recognized in Chapter 3. Wircs and cables shall be permitted to be installed in any raceway included in Chap- ter 3. The raceways shall be installed in accordance with Chap- ter 3.
(2) Communications Raceways. Wircs and cables shall be permitted to be installed in plenum communications raceways, riser communications raceways, and general-purpose commu- nications raceways selected in accordance with Table 800.154(b), listed in accordance with 800.182, and installed in accordance with 800.113 and 362.24 through 362.56, where the requirements applicable to electrical nonmetallic tubing (ENT) apply.
(3) Innerduct for Communications Wires and Cables, Coaxial Cables, or Network-Powered Broadband Communications Cables. Listed plenum communications raceways, listed riser communications raceways, and listed general-purpose commu-
70-690
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
800.113
ARTICLE 800-GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
nications raceways selected in accordance with Table 800.154(b) shall be permitted to be installed as innerduct in any type of listed raceway permitted in Chapter 3.
(B) Raceway Fill. The raceway fill requirements of Chapters 3 and 9 shall apply to medium-power network-powered broad- band communications cables.
(C) Cable Routing Assemblies. Cables shall be permitted to be installed in plenum cable routing assemblies, riser cable rout- ing assemblies, and general-purpose cable routing assemblies selected in accordance with Table 800.154(c), listed in accord- ance with 800.182, and installed in accordance with 800.110(C) (1) and (C)(2) and 800.113.
(1) Horizontal Support. Cable routing assemblies shall be supported where run horizontally at intervals not to exceed 900 mm (3 ft) and at cach end or joint, unless listed for other support intervals. In no case shall the distance between supports exceed 3 m (10 ft).
(2) Vertical Support. Vertical runs of cable routing assemblies shall be supported at intervals not exceeding 1.2 m (4 ft), unless listed for other support intervals, and shall not have more than one joint between supports.
(D) Cable Trays. Wires and cables and communications race- ways shall be permitted to be installed in metal or listed nonmetallic cable tray systems. Ladder cable trays shall be permitted to support cable routing assemblies.
800.113 Installation of Cables Used for Communications Circuits, Communications Wires, Cable Routing Assemblies, and Communications Raceways. Installation of wires, cables, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall comply with 800.113(A) through (L). Installation of cable rout- ing assemblies and communications raceways shall comply also with 800.110. Types of cables used by this section are identified in Table 800.113.
(A) Listing. Cables used for communications circuits, commu- nications wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways installed in buildings shall be listed and installed in accordance with the limitations of the listing.
Exception: Cables installed in compliance with 800.48 shall not be required to be listed.
(B) Ducts Specifically Fabricated for Environmental Air. Instal- lations of cables used for communications circuits, communica- tions wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air shall be in accordance with 800.113(B) (1) and (B) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables shall be permitted in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air as described in 300.22(B) if they are directly associated with the air distribu- tion system:
Table 800.113 Cables Used for Communications Circuits
Listed Cable Types
Plenum cables Riser cables
General-purpose cables
CMP, CATVP, BLP, OFNP, OFCP CMR, CATVR, BMR, BLR, OFNR, OFCR CMG, CM, CATV, BM, BL, OFNG, OFX, OFCG, OFC CMX, CATVX, BLX
Limited-use cables
Undercarpet
CMUC
Underground
BMU, BLU
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-691
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
(1) Plenum cables up to 1.22 m (4 ft) in length
(2) Plenum, risc, general-purpose, and limited-use cables installed in raceways that are installed in compliance with 300.22(B)
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables, wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall not be permitted in ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air as described in 300.22(B):
(1) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways
(2) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assem- blics
(3) Riser, general-purpose, and limited-use cables
(4) Type CMUC cables and wires
(5) Types BMC and BLU cables
(6) Communications wircs
(7) Hybrid power and communications cables
Informational Note: See NFPA 90A-2021, Standard for the Installa- tion of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, for information on fire protection of wiring installed in fabricated ducts.
(C) Other Spaces Used for Environmental Air (Plenums). Installations of cables used for communications circuits, communications wires, cable routing assemblies, and commu- nications raceways in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) shall be in accordance with 800.113(C) (1) and (C) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables, wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall be permitted in other spaces used for environmental air as described in 300.22(C):
(1) Plenum cables
(2) Plenum communications raceways
(3) Plenum cable routing assemblies
(4) Plenum cables installed in plenum communications race- ways
(5) Plenum cables installed in plenum cable routing assem- blics
(6) Plenum cables and plenum communications raceways supported by open metal cable tray systems
(7) Plenum, riser, general-purpose, and limited-use cables, and communications wires installed in raceways that are installed in compliance with 300.22(C)
(8) Plenum, risc, general-purpose, limited-use cables and plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers in other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) as described in 300.22(C)
(9) Plenum, riser, general-purpose, and limited-use cables installed in plenum, riser, and general-purpose communi- cations raccways supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers in other spaces used for envi- ronmental air (plenums) as described in 300.22(C)
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables, wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall not be permitted in other spaces used for environmental air as descri- bed in 300.22(C):
(1) Riser, general-purpose, and limited-use cables
(2) Riser and general-purpose communications raceways
(3) Riser and general-purpose cable routing assemblies
(4) Type CMUC cables and wires
(5) Types BMR, BM, BMU, and BLU cables
800.113
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
(6) Communications wircs
(7) Hybrid power and communications cables
Informational Note: See NFPA 90A-2021, Standard for the Installa- tion of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, for information on fire protection of wiring installed in other spaces used for envi- ronmental air.
(D) Risers - Cables, Cable Routing Assemblies, and Commu- nications Raceways in Vertical Runs. Installations of cables used for communications circuits, communications wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways in risers shall be in accordance with 800.113(D) (1) and (D) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables, cable routing assem- blics, and communications raceways shall be permitted in verti- cal runs penetrating one or more floors and in vertical runs in a shaft:
(1) Plenum and riser cables
(2) Plenum and riser communications raceways
(3) Plenum and riser cable routing assemblies
(4) Plenum and riser cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. Plenum cable routing assemblies
d. Riser cable routing assemblies
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables, wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall not be permitted in risers:
(1) General-purpose and limited-use cables
(2) General-purpose communications raceways
(3) General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(4) Type CMUC cables and wires
(5) Types BMR, BM, BMU, and BLU cables
(6) Communications wires
(7) Hybrid power and communications cables
Informational Note: See 800.26 for firestop requirements for floor penetrations.
(E) Risers - Cables and Innerducts in Metal Raceways. Instal- lations of cables used for communications circuits, communica- tions wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways in metal raceways in a riser having firestops at cach floor shall be in accordance with 800.113(E) (1) and (E) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables and innerducts shall be permitted in metal raceways in a riser having firestops at cach floor:
(1) Plenum, riser, general-purpose, and limited-use cables
(2) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways (innerduct)
(3) Plenum, riser, general-purpose, and limited-use cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways (innerduct)
b. Riser communications raceways (innerduct)
c. General-purpose communications raceways (inner- duct)
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables, wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall not be permitted in metal raceways in a riser having firestops at cach floor:
(1) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assem- blics
(2) Type CMUC cables and wires
(3) Types BMR, BM, BMU, and BLU cables
(4) Communications wires
(5) Hybrid power and communications cables
Informational Note: See 800.26 for firestop requirements for floor penetrations.
(F) Risers - Cables, Cable Routing Assemblies, and Commu- nications Raceways in Fireproof Shafts. Installations of cables used for communications circuits, communications wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways in fireproof riser shafts having firestops at cach floor shall be in accordance with 800.113(F) (1) and (F) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables, cable routing assem- blics, and communications raccways shall be permitted to be installed in fireproof riser shafts having firestops at cach floor:
(1) Plenum, riser, general-purpose, and limited-use cables
(2) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways
(3) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assem- blics
(4) Plenum, riser, general-purpose, and limited-use cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. General-purpose communications raceways
d. Plenum cable routing assemblies
c. Riser cable routing assemblies
f. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(2) . Uses Not Permitted. The following cables, wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall not be permitted in metal raceways in fireproof riser shafts having fire- stops at cach floor:
(1) Type CMUC cables and wires
(2) Type BMU and BLU cables
(3) Communications wircs
(4) Hybrid power and communications cables
Informational Note: See 800.26 for firestop requirements for floor penetrations.
(G) Risers - One- and Two-Family Dwellings. Installations of cables used for communications circuits, communications wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways in risers in one- and two-family dwellings shafts shall be in accordance with 800.113(G) (1) and (G)(2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables, cable routing assem- blics, and communications raceways shall be permitted in one- and two-family dwellings:
(1) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables
(2) Limited-use cables less than 6 mm (0.25 in.) in diameter
(3) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways
(4) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assem- blics
(5) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. General-purpose communications raceways
d. Plenum cable routing assemblies
c. Riser cable routing assemblies
70-692
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
800.113
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
f. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables and wires shall not be permitted in risers in one- and two-family dwellings:
(1) Type CMUC cables and wires
(2) Type BMU and BLU cables
(3) Communications wires
(4) Hybrid power and communications cables
(H) Cable Trays. Installations of cables used for communica- tions circuits, communications wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways supported by cable trays shall be in accordance with 800.113(H) (1) and (H) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following wires, cables, and commu- nications raceways shall be permitted to be supported by cable trays:
(1) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables
(2) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways
(3) Communications wires, plenum, riser, and general- purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. General-purpose communications raceways
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables and wires shall not be supported by cable trays:
(1) Limited-use cables
(2) Type CMUC cables and wires
(3) Type BMU and BLU cables
(4) Communications wircs
(5) Hybrid power and communications cables
(I) Distributing Frames and Cross-Connect Arrays. Installa- tions of cables used for communications circuits, communica- tions wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways in distributing frames and cross-connect arrays shall be in accordance with 800.113(I) (1) and (I) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following wires, cables, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall be permitted to be installed in distributing frames and cross-connect arrays:
(1) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables and communi- cations wircs
(2) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways
(3) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assem- blics
(4) Communications wires, plenum, riser, and general- purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. General-purpose communications raceways
d. Plenum cable routing assemblies
c. Riser cable routing assemblies
f. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables and wires shall not be installed in distributing frames and cross-connect arrays:
(1) Types BMR, BM, BMU, and BLU cables
(2) Limited-use cables
(3) Type CMUC cables and wires
(4) Hybrid power and communications cables
(J) Other Building Locations. Installations of cables used for communications circuits, cable communications wires, routing assemblies, and communications raceways in building locations other than those covered in 800.113(B) through (I) shall be in accordance with 800.113(J) (1) and (J) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following wires, cables, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall be permitted to be installed in building locations other than the locations covered in 800.113(B) through (I):
(1) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables
(2) Limited-use cables with a maximum of 3 m (10 ft) of exposed length in nonconcealed spaces
(3) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways
(4) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assem- blics
(5) Communications wires, plenum, riser, and general- purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. General-purpose communications raceways
(6) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum cable routing assemblies
b. Riser cable routing assemblies
c. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(7): Communications wires and plenum, riser, general- purpose, and limited-use cables installed in raceways recognized in Chapter 3
(8) Type CMUC undercarpet communications wires and cables installed under carpet, modular flooring, and planks
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables, wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall not be installed in building locations other than the locations covered in 800.113(B) through (I):
(1) Types BMU' and BLU' cables
(2) Communications wires
(3) Hybrid power and communications cables
(K) Multifamily Dwellings. Installations of cables used for communications circuits, communications wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways in multifamily dwell- ings shall be in accordance with 800.113(K) (1) and (K) (2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following cables, cable routing as.sem- blics, and communications raceways shall be permitted to be installed in multifamily dwellings in locations other than the locations covered in 800.113(B) through (G):
(1) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables
(2) Limited-use cables less than 6 mm (0.25 in.) in diameter in nonconcealed spaces
(3) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways
(4) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assem- blics
(5) Communications wires and plenum, riser, and general- purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raceways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. General-purpose communications raceways
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-693
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
800.113
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
(6) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum cable routing assemblies
b. Riser cable routing assemblies
c. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(7) Communications wires and plenum, riser, general- purpose, and limited-use cables installed in raceways recognized in Chapter 3
(8) Type CMUC under-carpet communications wires and cables installed under carpet, modular flooring, and planks
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall not be installed in multifamily dwellings in locations other than the locations covered in 800.113(B) through (G):
(1) Types BML' and BLU cables
(2) Communications wires
(3) Hybrid power and communications cables
(L) One- and Two-Family Dwellings. Installations of cables used for communications circuits, communications wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways in one- and two-family dwellings in locations other than those covered in 800.113(B) through (F) shall be in accordance with 800.113(L) (1) and (L)(2).
(1) Uses Permitted. The following wires, cables, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall be permitted to be installed in one- and two-family dwellings in locations other than the locations covered in 800.113(B) through (F):
(1) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables
(2) Limited-use cables less than 6 mm (0.25 in.) in diameter
(3) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose communications race- ways
(4) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cable routing assem- blics
(5) Communications wires, plenum, riser, and general- purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum communications raccways
b. Riser communications raceways
c. General-purpose communications raceways
(6) Plenum, riser, and general-purpose cables installed in the following:
a. Plenum cable routing assemblies
b. Riser cable routing assemblies
c. General-purpose cable routing assemblies
(7) Communications wires and plenum, riser, general- purpose, and limited-use cables installed in raceways recognized in Chapter 3
(8) Type CMUC under-carpet communications wires and cables installed under carpet, modular flooring, and planks
(9) Hybrid power and communications cable listed in accord- ance with 800.179
(2) Uses Not Permitted. The following cables, wires, cable routing assemblies, and communications raceways shall not be installed in one- and two-family dwellings in locations other than those covered in 800.113(B) through (F):
(1) Types BML' and BLU cables
(2) Communications wires
800.133 Installation of Communications Wires and Cables and CATV-Type Coaxial Cables. Installation of communications wires and cables, from the protector to the equipment, or where no protector is required, communications wires and cables attached to the outside or inside of the building, shall comply with 800.133(A) and 800.133(B). Installation of CATV- type coaxial cables, beyond the point of grounding as defined in 820.93, shall comply with 800.133(A) through (C).
(A) In Raceways, Cable Trays, Boxes, Cables, Enclosures, and Cable Routing Assemblies.
(1) Other Circuits. Communications cables and CATV-typc coaxial cables shall be permitted in the same raceway, cable tray, box, enclosure, or cable routing assembly together and with jacketed cables of any of the following:
(1) Class 2 and Class 3 remote-control, signaling, and power- limited circuits in compliance with 645.5(E) (2) or Parts I and II of Article 725
(2) Power-limited fire alarm systems in compliance with Parts I and III of Article 760
(3) Nonconductive and, conductive optical fiber cables in compliance with Parts I and V of Article 770
(4) Communications circuits in compliance with Parts I and IV of Articles 800 and 805
(5) Community antenna television and radio distribution systems in compliance with Parts I and V of Articles 800 and 820
(6) Low-power network-powered broadband communications circuits in compliance with Parts I and V of Articles 800 and 830
(2) Class 2 and Class 3 Circuits. Class 1 circuits shall not be run in the same cable with communications circuits. Class 2 and Class 3 circuit conductors shall be permitted in the same listed communications cable with communications circuits.
(3) Electric Light, Power, Class 1, Non-Power-Limited Fire Alarm, and Medium-Power Network-Powered Broadband Communications Circuits in Raceways, Compartments, and Boxes. Communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall not be placed in any raceway, compartment, outlet box, junction box, or similar fitting with conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits.
Exception No. 1: Communications wires and cables and CATVtype coaxial cables shall be permitted to be placed in any rareway, compart- ment, outlet box, junction box, or other enclosures with conductors of electric light, power; Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, or medium- power network-powered broadband communications circuits where all of the conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communica- tions circuits are separated from all of the communications wires and cables and CATVtype coaxial cables by a permanent barrier or listed divider.
Exception No. 2: Communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall be permitted to be placed in outlet boxes, junction boxes, or similar fittings or compartments with power conductors where such conductors are introduced solely for power supply to the communi- cations and coaxial cable system distribution equipment. The power circuit conductors shall be routed within the enclosure to maintain a minimum 6 mm (1/4 in.) separation from the communications wires and cables and the CATV- type coaxial cables.
70-694
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
800.179
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
Exception No. 3: Separation of circuits shall not be required in elevator traveling cables constructed in accordance with by 620.36.
(B) Other Applications. Communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall be separated at least 50 mm (2 in.) from conductors of any electric light, power, Class 1, non- power-limited fire alarm, or medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits.
Exception No. 1: Separation shall not be required where either (1) all of the conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broadband communica- tions circuits are in a raceway or in metal-sheathed, metal-clad, nonmetallic-sheathed, Type AC or Type UF cables, or (2) all of the communications wires and cables and all of the CATVtype coaxial cables are encased in raceway.
Exception No. 2: Separation shall not be required where the communi- cations wires and cables and CATV4type coaxial cables are permanently separated from the conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non- power-limited fire alarm, and medium-power network-powered broad- band communications circuits by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconductor, such as porrelain tubes or flexible tubing, in addition to the insulation on the wire.
(C) Support of Communications Wires and Cables and CATV- Type Coaxial Cables. Raccways shall be used for their inten- ded purpose. Communications wires and cables and CATV-type coaxial cables shall not be strapped, taped, or attached by any means to the exterior of any raceway as a means of support.
Exception: Overhead (aerial) spans of communications drop wires, communications cables, and CATVtype coaxial cables shall be permit- ted to be attached to the exterior of a raceway-type mast intended for the attachment and support of such wires and cables.
800.154 Applications of Listed Communications Wires, Cables, and Raceways, and Listed Cable Routing Assemblies. Permit- ted and nonpermitted applications of listed communications wires, cables, coaxial cables, network-powered broadband communications system cables and raceways, and listed cable routing assemblies, shall be in accordance with one of the following:
(1) Listed communications wires and cables as indicated in Table 800.154(a)
(2) Listed communications raceways as indicated in Table 800.154(b)
(3) Listed cable routing assemblies as indicated in Table 800.154(c)
The permitted applications shall be subject to the installa- tion requirements of 800.110 and 800.113.
Part V. Listing Requirements
800.170 Plenum Cable Ties. Cable tics intended for use in other space used for environmental air (plenums) shall be listed as having low smoke and heat release properties.
Informational Note: See NFP.A 90A-2018, Standard for the Installa- tion of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, and ANSI/ UL 2043-2013, Standard for Safety Fire Test for Heat and Visible Smoke Release for Discrete Products and Their Accessories Installed in Air-Handling Spaces, for information on listing discrete products as having low smoke and heat release properties.
800.171 Communications Equipment. Communications cquip- ment shall be listed as being suitable for electrical connection to a communications network.
Informational Note No. 1: See ANSI/UL 60950-1-2014, Standard for Safety of Information Technology Equipment, ANSI/ UL 1863-2012, Standard for Safety Communications Cirruit Arresso- ries, or ANSI/UL 62368-1-2014 or ANSI/UL 62368-1-2018, Audio/Video, Information and Communication Technology Equipment - Part 1: Safety Requirements.
Informational Note No. 2: See ANSI/ATIS 0600337-2016, Requirements for Maximum Voltage, Current, and Power Levels Used in Communications Circuits, for additional information regarding voltages, currents, and power allowed on communications circuits.
800.179 Wires and Cables. Communications wires and cables, community antenna television cables, and network-powered broadband communications cables shall be listed in accord- ance with 800.179(A) through (L) and shall have a tempera- turc rating of not less than 60 (140°F). The temperature rating shall be marked on the jacket of cables that have a temperature rating exceeding 60 (140°F). Conductors in communications cables, other than in a coaxial cable, shall be copper. Cables shall be permitted to contain optical fibers. Cables containing optical fibers shall be marked with the suffix "-OF."
Communications wires and cables and network-powered communications cables shall have a voltage rating of not less than 300 volts; the insulation for the individual conductors, other than the outer conductor of a coaxial cable, shall be rated for 300 volts minimum. The cable voltage rating shall not be marked on the cable or on the under-carpet communica- tions wirc.
Exception: Voltage markings shall be permitted where the cable has multiple listings and voltage marking is required for one or more of the listings.
Informational Note No. 1: Voltage markings on cables could be misinterpreted to suggest that the cables may be suitable for Class 1, electric light, and power applications.
Informational Note No. 2: See UL 444-2017, Standard for Commu- nications Cables, for information on communications cables.
Informational Note No. 3: See UL1655-2009, Standard for Community-Antenna Television Cables, for information on community-antenna television cables.
(A) Plenum Cables. Typc CMP communications plenum cables, Type CATVP community antenna television plenum coaxial cables, and Type BLP network-powered broadband communication low-power plenum cables shall be listed as being suitable for use in ducts, plenums, and other spaces used for environmental air and shall also be listed as having adequate fire-resistant and low-smoke-producing characteris- tics.
Informational Note: See NFPA 262-2019, Standard Method of Test for Flame Travel and Smoke of Wires and Cables for Use in Air- Handling Spaces, for one method of defining a cable that is low- smoke-producing cable and fire-resistant cable so that the cable exhibits a maximum peak optical density of 0.50 or less, an aver- age optical density of 0.15 or less, and a maximum flame spread distance of 1.52 m (5 ft).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-695
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
800.179
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
Table 800.154(a) Applications of Listed Communications Wires, Cables, and Network-Powered Broadband Communications System Cables in Buildings
Wire and Cable Type
Applications
Plenum
Riser
BMR
General- Purpose
BM
Limited- Use
Undercarpet
BMU, BLU
Hybrid Power and Communications Cables
Communications Wires
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(B)
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
%
N
%
Y
In other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) as described in 300.22(C)
In other spaces used for environmental air
Y
N
N
N
%
%
N
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(C)
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
%
N
.
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y
N
N
N
%
%
N
.
Supported by open metal cable trays
Y
N
N
N
%
Y
Y
%
N
%
%
In risers
In vertical runs
Y
Y
Y
N
%
N
In metal raceways
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
%
In fireproof shafts
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
In plenum communications raceways
Y
Y
N
N
%
%
%
N
%
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
N
N
%
%
N
%
%
In riser communications raceways
Y
Y
N
N
%
%
N
%
%
In riser cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
N
N
.
N
%
In one- and two- family dwellings
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
%
N
Y
%
Y
N
N
N
%
%
%
N
%
N
%
Y
In plenum communications raceways
Y
N
N
N
Supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers
Y
Y
Y
Y
(continues)
70-696
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Editiou
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
%
N
%
In ducts specifically fabricated for enviromuental air as described in 300.22(B)
In fabricated ducts
800.179
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
Table 800.154(a) Continued
Wire and Cable Type
Applications
Plenum
Riser
BMR
General- Purpose
BM
Limited- Use
Undercarpet
BMU, BLU
Hybrid Power and Communications Cables
Communications Wires
Within buildings in other than air-handling spaces and risers
General
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
%
N
%
%
In one- and two- family dwellings
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
Y
In multifamily dwellings
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
%
%
In nonconcealed spaces
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
%
%
Supported by cable trays
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
%
%
N
%
U'nder carpet, modular flooring, and planks
N
N
N
N
%
%
%
%
N
%
Y
In rigid metal conduit (RMC) and intermediate metal conduit (IMC)
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
In any raceway recognized in Chapter 3
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
N
%
Y
In plenum communications raceways
Y
Y
N
Y
%
%
%
N
%
Y
In plenum cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
N
Y
%
%
%
N
%
Y
In riser communications raceways
Y
Y
N
Y
%
%
%
N
%
Y
In riser cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
N
Y
%
%
%
N
%
Y
In general- purpose communications raceways
Y
Y
N
Y
%
%
%
N
%
Y
In general- purpose cable routing assemblies
Y
Y
N
Y
%
%
%
N
%
Y
Note: An "N" in the table indicates that the cable type shall not be installed in the application. A "Y' indicates that the cable type shall be perinitted to be installed in the application subject to the limitations described in 800.113. The Riser column includes all riser cables except BMR, and the General-Purpose column includes all general-purpose cables except BM.
Informational Note No. 1: Part IV of Article 800 covers installation methods within buildings. This table covers the applications of listed communications wires, cables, and raceways in buildings.
Informational Note No. 2: For information on the restrictions to the installation of communications cables in fabricated ducts, see 800.113(B).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-697
Y
Y
N
Y
In distributing framnes and cross-connect arrays
Y
N
%
800.179
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
Table 800.154(b) Applications of Listed Communications Raceways in Buildings
Listed Communications Raceway Type
Applications
Plenum
Riser
General-Purpose
In ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air as described in 300.22(B)
In fabricated ducts
N
N
N
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(B)
N
N
N
In other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) as described in 300.22(C)
In other spaces used for environmental air
Y
N
N
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(C)
Y
Y
Y
In plenum cable routing assemblies
N
N
N
Supported by open metal cable trays
Y
N
N
Supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers
Y
Y
Y
In risers
In vertical runs
Y
Y
N
In metal raceways
Y
Y
Y
In fireproof shafts
Y
Y
Y
In plenum cable routing assemblies
N
N
N
In riser cable routing assemblies
N
N
N
In one-and two-family dwellings
Y
Y
Y
Within buildings in other than air- handling spaces and risers
General
Y
Y
Y
In one- and two-family dwellings
Y
Y
Y
In multifamily dwellings
Y
Y
Y
In nonconcealed spaces
Y
Y
Y
Supported by cable trays
Y
Y
Y
Under carpet, modular flooring, and planks
N
N
N
In distributing frames and cross- connect arrays
Y
Y
Y
In any raceway recognized in Chapter 3
Y
Y
Y
In plenum cable routing assemblies
N
N
N
In riser cable routing assemblies
N
N
N
In general-purpose cable routing assemblies
N
N
N
Note: An "N" in the table indicates that the communications raceway type shall not be installed in the application. A "Y" indicates that the communications raceway type shall be permitted to be installed in the application, subject to the limitations described in 800.110 and 800.113.
(B) Riser Cables. Typc CMR communications riser cables, Typc CATVR community antenna television riser coaxial cables, Type BMR network-powered broadband communica- tions medium-power riser cables, and Type BLR network- powered broadband communications low-power riser cables shall be listed as being suitable for use in a vertical run in a shaft or from floor to floor and shall also be listed as having fire-resistant characteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 1666-2017, Standard Test for Flame Propagation Height of Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cable Installed Vertically in Shafts, for one method of defining fire-resistant char- acteristics of the cable capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
(C) General-Purpose Cables.
(1) Type CMG. Typc CMG communications general-purpose cables shall be listed as being suitable for general-purpose usc, with the exception of risers and plenums, and shall also be listed as being resistant to the spread of fire.
Informational Note: See CSA Vertical Flame Test - Cables in Cable Trays as described in CSA C22.2 No. 0.3-09 (R2019), Test Methods for Electrical Wires and Cables, for one method of defining resistance to the spread of fire where the damage (char length) of the cable does not exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.) or FT4 Flame Test in ANSI/UL 1685-2015, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables. The smoke measurements in the test methods are not applicable.
70-698
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
800.179
Table 800.154(c) Applications of Listed Cable Routing Assemblies in Buildings
Listed Cable Routing Assembly Type
Applications
Plenum
Riser
General-Purpose
In ducts specifically fabricated for environmental air as described in 300.22(B)
In fabricated ducts
N
N
N
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(B)
N
N
N
In other spaces used for environmental air (plenums) as described in 300.22(C)
In other spaces used for environmental air
Y
N
N
In metal raceway that complies with 300.22(C)
N
N
N
In plenum communications raceways
N
N
N
Supported by open metal cable trays
Y
N
N
Supported by solid bottom metal cable trays with solid metal covers
N
N
N
In risers
In vertical rims
Y
Y
N
In metal raceways
N
N
N
In fireproof shafts
Y
Y
Y
In plenum communications raceways
N
N
N
In riser communications raceways
N
N
N
In one-and two-family dwellings
Y
Y
Y
Within buildings in other than air- handling spaces and risers
General
Y
Y
Y
In one- and two-family dwellings
Y
Y
Y
In multifamily dwellings
Y
Y
Y
In nonconcealed spaces
Y
Y
Y
Supported by cable trays
Y
Y
Y
Under carpet, modular flooring, and planks
N
N
N
In distributing frames and cross- connect arrays
Y
Y
Y
In any raceway recognized in Chapter 3
N
N
N
In plenum communications raceways
N
N
N
In riser communications raceways
N
N
N
In general-purpose communications raceways
N
N
N
Note: An "N" in the table indicates that the cable routing assembly type shall not be installed in the application. A "Y" indicates that the cable routing assembly type shall be permitted to be installed in the application subject to the limitations described in 800.113.
(2) Types CM, CATV, BM, and BL. Type CM communications general-purpose cables, Type CATV community antenna televi- sion coaxial general-purpose cables, Type BM network-powered broadband communications medium-power general-purpose cables, and Type BL network-powered broadband communica- tions low-power general-purpose cables shall be listed as being suitable for general-purpose use, with the exception of risers and plenums, and shall also be listed as being resistant to the spread of fire.
Informnational Note: See UL Flame Exposure in ANSI/ UL 1685-2015, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables, for one method of defining resistance to the spread of fire where the
damage (char length) of the cable does not to exceed 244 cm (8 ft 0 in.). The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
(D) Limited-Use Cables. Typc CMX limited-usc communica- tions cables, Type CATVX limited-use community antenna tele- vision coaxial cables, and Type BLX limited-use network- powered broadband low-power cables shall be listed as being suitable for use in dwellings and for use in raceway and shall also be listed as being resistant to flame spread.
Informnational Note: See ANSI/UL 2556, Standard for Wire and Cable Test Method, for one method of determining that cable is resistant to flame spread is by testing the cable to the FV-2/VW-1 flame test.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-699
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
800.179
ARTICLE 800 -GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
(E) Circuit Integrity (CI) Cable, Fire-Resistive Cable System, or Electrical Circuit Protective System. Cables that are used for survivability of critical circuits under fire conditions shall be listed and meet cither 800.179(E) (1), (E)(2), or (E)(3).
(1) CI Cables. Cables specified in 800.179(A) through (C) and used for survivability of critical circuits shall be marked with the additional classification using the suffix "CI." In order to maintain its listed fire rating, CI cable shall only be installed in frec air in accordance with 800.24. CI cables shall only be permitted to be installed in a raceway where specifically listed and marked as part of a fire-resistive cable system as covered in 800.179(E)(2).
Informational Note: See UL 2196, Standard for Fire Test for Circuit Integrity of Fire-Resistant Power, Instrumentation, Control, and Data Cables, for one method of defining CI cable by establishing a minimum 2-hour fire resistance rating for the cable as specified in UL 444, Standard for Safety Communications Cables.
(2) Fire-Resistive Cable Systems. Cables specified in 800.179(A) through (C) and 800.179(E) (1) that are part of an electrical circuit protective system shall be fire-resistive cable identified with the protective system number on the product, or on the smallest unit container in which the product is pack- aged, and shall be installed in accordance with the listing of the protective system.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL 2196, Fire Test for Circuit Integ- rity of Fire-Resistive Power, Instrumentation, Control and Data Cables, for one method of defining an electrical circuit protective system rating for the system. UL Guide Information for Electrical Cirruit Integrity Systems (FHIT) contains information to identify the system and its installation limitations to maintain a mini- mum fire-resistive rating.
Informational Note No. 2: The listing organization provides information for electrical circuit protective systems (FHIT), including installation requirements for maintaining the fire rating.
(3) Electrical Circuit Protective System. Protectants for cables specified in 800.179(A) through (E), which are part ofan clcc- trical circuit protective system, shall be identified with the protective system identifier and hourly rating marked on the protectant or the smallest unit container and installed in accordance with the listing of the system.
Informational Note: See UL 1724, Fire Tests for Electrical Circuit Protective Systems, for one method of defining an electrical circuit protective system. UL Guide Information for Electrical Cirruit Integ- rity Systems (FHIT) contains information to identify the system and its installation limitations to maintain the fire-resistive rating.
(F) Types CMP-LP, CMR-LP, CMG-LP, and CM-LP Limited Power (LP) Cables. Typcs C.MP-LP, CMR-LP, CMG-LP, and C.M- LP communications limited power cables shall be listed as suit- able for carrying power and data up to a specified current limit for cach conductor without exceeding the temperature rating of the cable where the cable is installed in cable bundles in free air or installed within a raceway, cable tray, or cable routing assembly. The cables shall be marked with the suffix "- LP(XXA)," where XX designates the current limit in amperes per conductor.
Informational Note: An example of the marking on a communi- cations cable with an LP rating is "CMP-LP (0.6A) (75) 23 AWG 4 pair," which indicates that it is a 4-pair plenum cable with 23 AWG conductors, a temperature rating of 75°, and a current limit of 0.6 amperes.
(G) Type CMUC Undercarpet Wires and Cables. Type CMUC undercarpet communications wires and cables shall be listed as being suitable for undercarpet use and shall also be listed as being resistant to flame spread.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 2556, Standard for Wire and Cable Test Methods, for one method of determining that cable is resistant to flame spread in accordance with the FV-2/VW-1 flame test.
(H) Communications Wires. Communications wires, such as distributing frame wire and jumper wirc, shall be listed as being resistant to the spread of firc.
Informational Note No. 1: See UL Flame Exposure, Vertical Flame Tray Test in ANSI/CL 1685-2015, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables, for one method of defining cable flame resist- ance to the spread of fire where the cables do not spread fire to the top of the tray. The smoke measurements in the test method are not applicable.
Informational Note No. 2: See CSA Vertical Flame Test - Cables in Cable Trays, as described in CSA C22.2 No. 0.3-09 (R2019), Test Methods for Electrical Wires and Cables, for another method of defining resistance to the spread of fire is for the damage (char length) of the cable to not exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in.).
(I) Optional Markings. Cables shall be permitted to be surface marked to indicate special characteristics of the cable materi- als.
Informational Note: These markings can include, but are not limited to, markings for limited-smoke, halogen-free, low-smoke halogen-free, and sunlight resistance.
800.180 Grounding Devices. Where bonding or grounding is required, devices used to connect a shield, a sheath, or non- current-carrying metallic members of a cable to a bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be listed or be part of listed equipment.
800.182 Cable Routing Assemblies and Communications Race- ways. Cable routing assemblies and communications raceways shall be listed in accordance with 800.182(A) through (C). Cable routing assemblies shall be marked in accordance with Table 800.182(a). Communications raccways shall be marked in accordance with Table 800.182(b).
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 2024-5-2015, Cable Routing Assemblies and Communications Rareways, for information on list- ing requirements for both communications raceways and cable routing assemblies.
Table 800.182(a) Cable Routing Assembly Markings
Type
Marking
Plenum Cable Routing Assembly Riser Cable Routing Assembly General-Purpose Cable Routing Assembly
Plenum Cable Routing Assembly Riser Cable Routing Assembly General-Purpose Cable Routing Assembly
70-700
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
805.50
ARTICLE 805 - COMMUNICATIONS CIRCUITS
Table 800.182(b) Communications Raceway Markings
Type
Marking
Plenum Communications Raceway
Plenum Communications Raceway
Riser Communications Raceway
Riser Communications Raceway General-Purpose Communications Raceway
General-Purpose
Communications Raceway
(A) Plenum Cable Routing Assemblies and Plenum Communi- cations Raceways. Plenum cable routing assemblies and plenum communications raceways shall be listed as having adequate fire-resistant and low-smoke-producing characteris- tics.
Informnational Note No. 1: See ASTM E84-19B, Standard Test Method for Surface Burning Characteristics of Building Materials, or ANSI/UL 723-2018, Standard Test Method for Surfare Burning Char- acteristics of Building Materials, for one method of defining cable routing assemblies and communications raceways that have adequate fire-resistant and low-smoke-producing characteristics and exhibit a maximum flame spread index of 25 and a maxi- mum smoke developed index of 50.
Informnational Note No. 2: See NFPA 262-2019, Standard Method of Test for Flame Travel and Smoke of Wires and Cables for Use in Air- Handling Spaos, for another method of defining communica- tions raceways that have adequate fire-resistant and low-smoke- producing characteristics and exhibit a maximum peak optical density of 0.50 or less, an average optical density of 0.15 or less, and a maximum flame spread distance of 1.52 m (5 ft) or less.
Informnational Note No. 3: See 4.3.11.2.6 or 4.3.11.5.5 of NFP.A 90A-2021, Standard for the Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating Systems, for information on materials exposed to the airflow in ceiling cavity and raised floor plenums.
(B) Riser Cable Routing Assemblies and Riser Communica- tions Raceways. Riscr cable routing assemblies and riser communications raceways shall be listed as having adequate fire-resistant characteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor.
Informnational Note: See ANSI/UL 1666-2017, Standard Test for Flame Propagation Height of Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cable Installed Vertically in Shafts, for one method of defining fire-resistant char- acteristics capable of preventing the carrying of fire from floor to floor of the cable routing assemblies and communications raceways.
(C) General-Purpose Cable Routing Assemblies and General- Purpose Communications Raceways. General-purpose cable routing assemblies and general-purpose communications race- ways shall be listed as being resistant to the spread of fire.
Informnational Note: See ANSI/UL 1685-2015, Standard for Safety for Vertical-Tray Fire-Propagation and Smoke-Release Test for Electrical and Optical-Fiber Cables, for one method of defining resistance to the spread of fire where the cable routing assemblies and communications raceways do not spread fire to the top of the tray.
ARTICLE 805 Communications Circuits
Part I. General
805.1 Scope. This article covers communications circuits and equipment.
805.18 Installation of Equipment. Equipment electrically connected to a communications network shall be listed in accordance with 800.171.
Exception: This listing requirement shall not apply to test equipment that is intended for temporary connection to a telecommunications network by qualified persons during the course of installation, mainte- nance, or repair of telecommunications equipment or systems.
Part II. Wires and Cables Outside and Entering Buildings
805.47 Underground Communications Wires and Cables Entering Buildings - Underground Block Distribution. Where the entire street circuit is run underground and the circuit within the block is placed so as to be free from the likelihood of accidental contact with electric light or power circuits of over 300 volts to ground, the insulation requirements of 805.50(A) and 805.50(C) shall not apply, insulating supports shall not be required for the conductors, and bushings shall not be required where the conductors enter the building.
805.50 Circuits Requiring Primary Protectors. Circuits that require primary protectors as provided in 805.90 shall comply with 805.50(A),805.50(B), and 805.50(C).
(A) Insulation, Wires, and Cables. Communications wires and cables without a metal shield, running from the last outdoor support to the primary protector, shall be listed in accordance with 805.173.
(B) On Buildings. Communications wires and cables in accordance with 805.50(A) shall be separated at least 100 mm (4 in.) from electric light or power conductors not in a raceway or cable or be permanently separated from conductors of the other systems by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconductor in addition to the insulation on the wires, such as porcelain tubes or flexible tubing. Communications wires and cables in accordance with 805.50(A) exposed to accidental contact with electric light and power conductors operating at over 300 volts to ground and attached to buildings shall be separated from woodwork by being supported on glass, porcelain, or other insulating material.
Exception: Separation from woodwork shall not be required where fuses are omitted as provided for in 805.90(A)(1), or where conductors are used to extend circuits to a building from a cable having a grounded metal sheath.
(C) Entering Buildings.
(1) Installed Inside Buildings. If a primary protector is instal- led inside the building, the communications wires and cables shall enter the building cither through a noncombustible, nonabsorbent insulating bushing or through a metal raceway.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-701
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
805.50
ARTICLE 805 -COMMUNICATIONS CIRCUITS
Exception: The insulating bushing shall not be required if the entering communications wires and cables meet one or more of the following conditions:
(1) Is a metal-sheathed cable
(2) Pass through masonry
(3) Meet the requirements of 805.50(A) and fuses are omitted in accordance with 805.90(A)(1)
(4) Meet the requirements of 805.50(A) and are used to extend circuits to a building from a cable having a grounded metal sheath
(2) Orientation of Raceways or Bushings. Raccways or bush- ings shall slope upward from the outside, or, where this cannot be donc, drip loops shall be formed in the communications wires and cables immediately before they enter the building.
(3) Service Head. Raccways shall be equipped with an approved service head. More than one communications wire and cable shall be permitted to enter through a single raceway or bushing. Conduits or other metal raceways located ahead of the primary protector shall be grounded.
Part III. Protection 805.90 Protective Devices.
(A) Application. A listed primary protector shall be provided on cach circuit run partly or entirely in acrial wire or acrial cable not confined within a block. Also, a listed primary protec- tor shall be provided on cach circuit, acrial or underground, located within the block containing the building served so as to be exposed to accidental contact with electric light or power conductors operating at over 300 volts to ground. In addition, where there exists a lightning exposure, cach interbuilding circuit on a premises shall be protected by a listed primary protector at cach end of the interbuilding circuit. Installation of primary protectors shall also comply with 110.3(B).
Informational Note No. 1: On a circuit not exposed to acciden- tal contact with power conductors, providing a listed primary protector in accordance with this article helps protect against other hazards, such as lightning and above-nonnal voltages induced by fault currents on power circuits in proximity to the communications circuit.
Informational Note No. 2: Interbuilding circuits are considered to have a lightning exposure unless one or more of the follow- ing conditions exist:
(1) Circuits in large metropolitan areas where buildings are close together and sufficiently high to intercept lightning.
(2) Interbuilding cable runs of 42 m (140 ft) or less, directly buried or in underground conduit, where a continuous metallic cable shield or a continuous metal conduit containing the cable is connected to each building grounding electrode system.
(3) Areas having an average of five or fewer thunderstorin days per year and earth resistivity of less than 100 ohm- meters. Such areas are found along the Pacific coast.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, for information on lightning protection systems.
(1) Fuseless Primary Protectors. Fuseless-type primary protec- tors shall be permitted under any of the following conditions:
(1) Where conductors enter a building through a cable with grounded metallic sheath member(s) and where the conductors in the cable safely fuse on all currents greater
than the current-carrying capacity of the primary protec- tor and of the primary protector bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor
(2) Where insulated conductors in accordance with 805.50(A) are used to extend circuits to a building from a cable with an effectively grounded metallic sheath member(s) and where the conductors in the cable or cable stub, or the connections between the insulated conductors and the plant exposed to accidental contact with electric light or power conductors operating at greater than 300 volts to ground, safely fuse on all currents greater than the current-carrying capacity of the primary protector, or the associatedinsulated conductors and of the primary protector bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor
(3) Where insulated conductors in accordance with 805.50(A) or (B) are used to extend circuits to a building from other than a cable with metallic sheath member(s), where (a) the primary protector is listed as being suitable for this purpose for application with circuits extending from other than a cable with metallic sheath members and (b) the connections of the insulated conductors to the plant exposed to accidental contact with electric light or power conductors operating at greater than 300 volts to ground or the conductors of the plant exposed to acci- dental contact with electric light or power conductors operating at greater than 300 volts to ground safely fuse on all currents greater than the current-carrying capacity of the primary protector, or associated insulated conduc- tors and of the primary protector bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor
(4) . Where insulated conductors in accordance with 805.50(A) are used to extend circuits acrially to a build- ing from a buried or underground circuit that is uncx- posed to accidental contact with electric light or power conductors operating at greater than 300 volts to ground
(5) Where insulated conductors in accordance with 805.50(A) are used to extend circuits to a building from cable with an effectively grounded metallic sheath member(s), and where (a) the combination of the primary protector and insulated conductors is listed as being suitable for this purpose for application with circuits extending from a cable with an effectively groun- ded metallic sheath member(s) and (b) the insulated conductors safely fuse on all currents greater than the current-carrying capacity of the primary protector and of the primary protector bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor
Informational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, Section 9, for examples of methods of protective grounding that can achieve effective grounding of communica- tions cable sheaths for cables from which communications circuits are extended.
(2) Fused Primary Protectors. Where the requirements listed under 805.90(A) (1) (a) through (A) (1) (c) are not met, fused- type primary protectors shall be used. Fused-type primary protectors shall consist of an arrester connected between cach line conductor and ground, a fuse in series with cach linc conductor, and an appropriate mounting arrangement. Primary protector terminals shall be marked to indicate linc, instrument, and ground, as applicable.
70-702
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 805 - COMMUNICATIONS CIRCUITS
805.173
(B) Location. The primary protector shall be located in, on, or immediately adjacent to the structure or building served and as close as practicable to the point of entrance.
For purposes of this section, primary protectors located at mobile home service equipment within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, or at a mobile home disconnecting means connected to an electrode by a ground- ing electrode conductor in accordance with 250.32 and located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, shall be considered to meet the requirements of this section.
Informational Note: Selecting a primary protector location to achieve the shortest practicable primary protector bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor helps limit poten- tial differences between communications circuits and other metallic systems.
(C) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. The primary protector shall not be located in any hazardous (classified) locations, as defined in 500.5 and 505.5, or in the vicinity of casily ignitible material.
Exception: As permitted in 501.150, 502.150, and 503.150.
(D) Secondary Protectors. Where a secondary protector is installed in series with the indoor communications wire and cable between the primary protector and the equipment, it shall be listed for the purpose in accordance with 805.170(B).
Informational Note: Secondary protectors on circuits exposed to accidental contact with electric light or power conductors oper- ating at greater than 300 volts to ground are not intended for use without primary protectors.
805.93 Grounding, Bonding, or Interruption of Non-Current- Carrying Metallic Sheath Members of Communications Cables. Communications cables entering the building or terminating on the outside of the building shall comply with 805.93(A) or (B).
(A) Entering Buildings. In installations where the communica- tions cable enters a building, the metallic sheath members of the cable shall be grounded or bonded as specified in 800.100 or interrupted by an insulating joint or equivalent device. The grounding, bonding, or interruption shall be as close as practi- cable to the point of entrance.
(B) Terminating on the Outside of Buildings. In installations where the communications cable is terminated on the outside of the building, the metallic sheath members of the cable shall be grounded or bonded as specified in 800.100 or interrupted by an insulating joint or equivalent device. The grounding, bonding, or interruption shall be as close as practicable to the point of termination of the cable.
Part IV. Installation Methods Within Buildings
805.154 Substitutions for Listed Communications Cables. The substitutions for communications cables listed in Table 805.154 and illustrated in Figure 805.154 shall be permitted.
805.156 Dwelling Unit Communications Outlet. For new construction, a minimum of one communications outlet shall be installed within the dwelling in a readily accessible arca and cabled to the service provider demarcation point.
Table 805.154 Cable Substitutions
Cable Type
Permitted Substitutions
CMR
CMP
CMG, CM
CMP, CMR
CMX
CMP, CMR, CMG, CM
Plenum
CMP
Riser
CMR
General purpose
CMG CM
Dwellings
CMX
Type CM-Communications cables
Cable A shall be permitted to be used in place of cable B.
FIGURE 805.154 Cable Substitution Hierarchy.
Part V. Listing Requirements
805.170 Protectors. Protectors shall be listed in accordance with 805.170(A) or 805.170(B).
(A) Primary Protectors. The primary protector shall be listed and consist of an arrester connected between cach line conduc- tor and ground in an appropriate mounting. Primary protector terminals shall be marked to indicate line and ground as appli- cable.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 497-2017, Standard for Protec- tors for Paired Conductor Communications Circuits, to determine applicable requirements for a listed primary protector.
(B) Secondary Protectors. The secondary protector shall be listed as suitable to provide means to safely limit currents to less than the current-carrying capacity of listed indoor communica- tions wire and cable, listed telephone set line cords, and listed communications terminal equipment having ports for external wire line communications circuits. Any overvoltage protection, arresters, or grounding connection shall be connected on the equipment terminals side of the secondary protector current- limiting means.
Informational Note: See ANSI/UL 497A-2019, Standard for Secon- dary Protectors for Communications Circuits, to determine applicable requirements for a listed secondary protector.
805.173 Drop Wire and Cable. Communications wires and cables without a metallic shield, running from the last outdoor support to the primary protector, shall be listed as being suita- ble for the purpose and shall have current-carrying capacity as specified in 805.90 (A) (1) (b) or (A) (1) (c).
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-703
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
810.1
ARTICLE 810-ANTENNA SYSTEMS.
ARTICLE 810 Antenna Systems.
Part I. General
810.1 Scope. This article covers antenna systems for radio and television receiving equipment, amateur and citizen band radio transmitting and receiving equipment, and certain features of transmitter safety. This article covers antennas such as wire- strung type, multi-clement, vertical rod, flat, or parabolic and also covers the wiring and cabling that connect them to equip- ment. This article does not cover equipment and antennas used for coupling carrier current to power line conductors.
810.3 Other Articles. Wiring from the source of power to and between devices connected to the interior wiring system shall comply with the following:
(1) Chapters 1 through 4 other than as modified by Parts I and II of Article 640.
(2) Coaxial cables that connect antennas to equipment shall comply with the appropriate article of Chapter 8.
(3) Wiring and equipment installed in hazardous (classified) locations shall comply with the appropriate requirements in Chapter 5.
810.4 Community Television Antenna. The installation of the antenna shall comply with this article. The installation of the distribution system shall comply with the appropriate article of Chapter 8.
810.5 Radio Noise Suppression. Radio interference elimina- tors, interference capacitors, or noise suppressors connected to power-supply leads shall be of a listed type. They shall not be exposed to physical damage.
810.6 Antenna Lead-In Protectors. If an antenna lead-in surge protector is installed, it shall be listed as being suitable for limiting surges on the cable that connects the antenna to the receiver/transmitter electronics and shall be connected between the conductors and the grounded shield or other ground connection. The antenna lead-in protector shall be grounded using a bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor installed in accordance with 810.21 (F).
Informational Note: See UL 497E, Outline of Investigation for Protectors for Antenna I rad-In Conductors, for information concern- ing protectors for antenna lead-in conductors.
810.7 Grounding Devices. If bonding or grounding is required, devices used to connect a shield, a sheath, non- current-carrying metal members of a cable, or metal parts of equipment or antennas to a bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be listed or be part of listed equip- ment.
Part II. Receiving Equipment - Antenna Systems
810.11 Material. Antennas and lead-in conductors shall be of hard-drawn copper, bronze, aluminum alloy, copper-clad steel, or other high-strength, corrosion-resistant material.
Exception: Soft-drawn or medium-drawn copper shall be permitted for lead-in conductors if the maximum span between points of support is less than 11 m (35 ft).
810.12 Supports. Outdoor antennas and lead-in conductors shall be securely supported. The antennas or lead-in conduc- tors shall not be attached to the electric service mast. They shall not be attached to poles or similar structures carrying open electric light or power wires or trolley wires of over 250 volts between conductors. Insulators supporting the antenna conductors shall have sufficient mechanical strength to safely support the conductors. Lead-in conductors shall be securely attached to the antennas.
810.13 Avoidance of Contacts with Conductors of Other Systems. Outdoor antennas and lead-in conductors from an antenna to a building shall not cross over open conductors of electric light or power circuits and shall be kept well away from all such circuits so as to avoid the possibility of accidental contact. Where proximity to open electric light or power serv- ice conductors of less than 250 volts between conductors cannot be avoided, the installation shall be such as to provide a clearance of at least 600 mm (2 ft).
Where practicable, antenna conductors shall be installed so as not to cross under open electric light or power conductors.
810.14 Splices. Splices and joints in antenna spans shall be made mechanically secure with approved splicing devices or by such other means and be suitable for the conditions of use and location in compliance with 110.14(A) and (B).
810.15 Grounding or Bonding. Masts and metal structures supporting antennas shall be grounded or bonded in accord- ance with 810.21, unless the antenna and its related supporting mast or structure are within a zone of protection defined by a 46 m (150 ft) radius rolling spherc.
Informational Note: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion of Lightning Protection Systems, 4.7.3.1, for the application of the term rolling sphere.
810.16 Size of Wire-Strung Antenna - Receiving Station.
(A) Size of Antenna Conductors. Outdoor antenna conduc- tors for receiving stations shall be of a size not less than given in Table 810.16(A).
(B) Self-Supporting Antennas. Outdoor antennas, such as vertical rods and flat, parabolic, or dipole structures, shall be of corrosion-resistant materials and of strength suitable to with- stand ice and wind loading conditions and shall be located well away from overhead conductors of electric light and power circuits of over 150 volts to ground, so as to avoid the possibility of the antenna or structure falling into or making accidental contact with such circuits.
Table 810.16(A) Size of Receiving Station Outdoor Antenna Conductors
Minimum Size of Conductors (AWG) Where Maximum Open Span Length Is
Material
Less Than 11 m (35 ft)
11 m to 45 m (35 ft to 150 ft)
Over 45 m (150 ft)
Aluminum alloy, hard- drawn copper
19
14
12
Copper-clad steel, bronze, or other high-strength material
20
17
14
70-704
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
810.21
ARTICLE 810- ANTENNA SYSTEMS.
810.17 Size of Lead-in - Receiving Station. Lead-in conduc- tors from outside antennas for receiving stations shall, for vari- ous maximum open span lengths, be of such size as to have a tensile strength at least as great as that of the conductors for antennas as specified in 810.16. If the lead-in consists of two or more conductors that are twisted together, are enclosed in the same covering, or are concentric, the conductor size shall, for various maximum open span lengths, be such that the tensile strength of the combination is at least as great as that of the conductors for antennas as specified in 810.16.
810.18 Clearances - Receiving Stations.
(A) Outside of Buildings. Lead-in conductors attached to buildings shall be installed so that they cannot swing closer than 600 mm (2 ft) to the conductors of circuits of 250 volts or less between conductors, or 3.0 m (10 ft) to the conductors of circuits of over 250 volts between conductors, except that in the case of circuits not over 150 volts between conductors, if all conductors involved are supported so as to ensure permanent separation, the clearance shall be permitted to be reduced but shall not be less than 100 mm (4 in.). The clearance between Icad-in conductors and any conductor forming a part of a light- ning protection system shall not be less than 1.8 m (6 ft). Underground conductors shall be separated at least 300 mm (12 in.) from conductors of any light or power circuits or Class 1 circuits.
Exception: The separation and clearance requirements shall not apply if the electric light or power conductors, Class 1 conductors, or lead-in conductors are installed in raceways or metal cable armor.
Informational Note No. 1: See 250.60 for grounding associated with lightning protection components - strike tennination devices. See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installation of Light- ning Protection Systems, for detailed information on grounding, bonding, and spacing from lightning protection systems, and the calculation of specific separation distances using the side- flash equation in Section 4.6.
Informational Note No. 2: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installation of Lighting Protection Systems, for information on bond- ing or separation of metal raceways, enclosures, frames, and other non-current-carrying metal parts of electrical equipment installed on a building equipped with a lightning protection system. Separation from lightning protection conductors is typi- cally 1.8 m (6 ft) through air or 900 mm (3 ft) through dense materials such as concrete, brick, or wood.
(B) Antennas and Lead-ins - Indoors. Indoor antennas and indoor lead-ins shall not be run ncarer than 50 mm (2 in.) to conductors of other wiring systems in the premises unless one of the following conditions applics:
(1) The other conductors are in metal raceways or cable armor.
(2) The indoor antennas and indoor lead-ins are perma- nently separated from such other conductors by a contin- uous firmly fixed nonconductor.
(C) In Boxes or Other Enclosures. Indoor antennas and indoor lead-ins shall be permitted to occupy the same box or enclosure with conductors of other wiring systems if separated from such other conductors by an effective permanently instal- led barrier.
810.19 Electrical Supply Circuits Used in Lieu of Antenna - Receiving Stations. If an electrical supply circuit is used in licu of an antenna, the device by which the radio receiving set is connected to the supply circuit shall be listed.
810.20 Antenna Discharge Units - Receiving Stations.
(A) General Requirement. Each Icad-in conductor from an outdoor antenna shall be provided with a listed antenna discharge unit.
Exception: A separate antenna discharge unit is not required if the lead-in conductors are enclosed in a continuous metal shield that complies with one of the following:
(1) Is grounded or bonded with a conductor in accordance with 810.21
(2) Is notected by an antenna discharge unit
(B) Location. Antenna discharge units shall be located outside the building or inside the building between the point of entrance of the lead-in and the radio set or transformers and as ncar as practicable to the entrance of the conductors to the building. The antenna discharge unit shall not be located near combustible material or in a hazardous (classified) location as defined in accordance with 500.5 and 505.5.
(C) Grounding or Bonding. The antenna discharge unit shall be grounded or bonded in accordance with 810.21.
810.21 Bonding Conductors and Grounding Electrode Conductors - Receiving Stations. Bonding conductors and grounding electrode conductors shall comply with 810.21 (A) through 810.21 (K).
(A) Material. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be of copper, aluminum, copper-clad steel, copper-clad aluminum, bronze, or similar corrosion-resistant material. Aluminum or copper-clad aluminum bonding conductors or grounding electrode conductors shall not be used if subject to corrosive conditions or in direct contact with masonry or the carth or where subject to corrosive conditions. If used outside, aluminum or copper-clad aluminum conduc- tors shall not be installed within 450 mm (18 in.) of the carth.
(B) Insulation. Insulation on bonding conductors or ground- ing electrode conductors shall not be required.
(C) Supports. The bonding conductor or grounding clec- trode conductor shall be securely fastened in place and shall be permitted to be directly attached to the surface wired over with- out the use of insulating supports.
Exception: Where proper support cannot be provided, the size of the bonding conductors or grounding electrode conductors shall be increased proportionately.
(D) Physical Protection. Bonding conductors and grounding electrode conductors shall be protected where exposed to phys- ical damage. Where the bonding conductor or grounding elec- trode conductor is installed in a metal raceway, both ends of the raceway shall be bonded to the contained conductor or to the same terminal or electrode to which the bonding conduc- tor or grounding electrode conductor is connected.
(E) Run in Straight Line. The bonding conductor or ground- ing electrode conductor for an antenna mast or antenna discharge unit shall be run in as straight a line as practicable.
(F) Electrode. The bonding conductor or grounding clcc- trode conductor shall be connected as required in 810.21 (F) (1) through 810.21 (F) (3).
(1) In Buildings or Structures with an Intersystem Bonding Termination. If the building or structure served has an inter-
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-705
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
810.21
ARTICLE 810-ANTENNA SYSTEMS.
system bonding termination as required by 250.94, the bonding conductor shall be connected to the intersystem bonding termination.
(2) In Buildings or Structures with Grounding Means. If the building or structure served has no intersystem bonding termi- nation, the bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be connected to the nearest accessible location on one of the following:
(1) The building or structure grounding electrode system as covered in 250.50
(2) The power service accessible means external to the build- ing, as covered in 250.94
(3) The nonflexible metal power service raceway
(4) The service equipment enclosure
(5) The grounding electrode conductor or the grounding electrode conductor metal enclosures of the power serv- icc
(6) The grounded interior metal water piping systems, within 1.52 m (5 ft) from its point of entrance to the building, as covered in 250.52
A bonding device intended to provide a termination point for the bonding conductor (intersystem bonding) shall not interfere with the opening of an equipment enclosure. A bond- ing device shall be mounted on nonremovable parts. A bond- ing device shall not be mounted on a door or cover even if the door or cover is nonremovable.
(3) In Buildings or Structures Without an Intersystem Bonding Termination or Grounding Means. If the building or structure served has no intersystem bonding termination or grounding mcans as described in 810.21 (F) (2), the grounding electrode conductor shall be connected to a grounding electrode as described in 250.52.
(G) Inside or Outside Building. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall be permitted to be run cither inside or outside the building.
(H) Size. The bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor shall not be smaller than 10 AWG copper, 8 AWG aluminum, or 17 AWG copper-clad steel or bronze.
(I) Common Ground. A single bonding conductor or ground- ing electrode conductor shall be permitted for both protective and operating purposes.
(J) Bonding of Electrodes. A bonding jumper not smaller than 6 AWG copper or equivalent shall be connected between the radio and television equipment grounding electrode and the power grounding electrode system at the building or struc- ture served if separate electrodes are used.
(K) Electrode Connection. Connections to grounding electro- des shall comply with 250.70.
Part III. Amateur and Citizen Band Transmitting and Receiv- ing Stations - Antenna Systems
810.51 Other Sections. In addition to complying with Part III, antenna systems for amateur and citizen band transmitting and receiving stations shall also comply with 810.11 through 810.15.
810.52 Size of Conductors. Antenna conductors for transmit- ting and receiving stations shall be of a size not less than given in Table 810.52.
Table 810.52 Size of Outdoor Antenna Conductors
Minimum Size of Conductors (AWG) If Maximum Open Span Length Is
Material
Less Than 45 m (150 ft)
Over 45 m (150 ft)
Hard-drawn copper
14
10
Copper-clad steel, bronze, or other high-strength material
14
12
810.53 Size of Lead-in Conductors. Lead-in conductors for transmitting stations shall, for various maximum span lengths, be of a size at least as great as that of conductors for antennas as specified in 810.52.
810.54 Clearance on Building. Antenna conductors for trans- mitting stations, attached to buildings, shall be firmly mounted at least 75 mm (3 in.) clear of the surface of the building on nonabsorbent insulating supports, such as treated pins or brackets equipped with insulators having not less than 75-mm (3-in.) crecpage and airgap distances. Lead-in conductors attached to buildings shall also comply with these require- ments.
Exception: If the lead-in conductors are enclosed in a continuous metal shield that is grounded with a conductor in accordance with 810.58, they shall not be required to comply with these requirements. If groun- ded, the metal shield shall also be permitted to be used as a conductor.
810.55 Entrance to Building. Except where protected with a continuous metallic shield that is grounded with a conductor in accordance with 810.58, lead-in conductors for transmitting stations shall enter buildings by one of the following methods:
(1) Through a rigid, noncombustible, nonabsorbent insulat- ing tube or bushing
(2) Through an opening provided for the purpose in which the entrance conductors are firmly secured so as to provide a clearance of at least 50 mm (2 in.)
(3) Through a drilled window panc
810.56 Protection Against Accidental Contact. Lead-in conductors to radio transmitters shall be located or installed so as to make accidental contact with them difficult.
810.57 Antenna Discharge Units - Transmitting Stations. Each lead-in conductor for outdoor antennas shall be provided with an antenna discharge unit or other suitable means that drain static charges from the antenna system.
Exception No. 1: If the lead-in conductor is protected by a continuous metal shield that is grounded with a conductor in accordance with 810.58, an antenna discharge unit or other suitable means shall not be required for the lead-in conductor.
Exception No. 2: If the antenna is grounded or bonded with a condur- tor in accordance with 810.58, an antenna discharge unit or other suitable means shall not be required.
810.58 Bonding Conductors and Grounding Electrode Conductors - Amateur and Citizen Band Transmitting and Receiving Stations. Bonding conductors and grounding clcc- trode conductors shall comply with 810.58(A) through 810.58(C).
(A) Other Sections. All bonding conductors and grounding electrode conductors for amateur and citizen band transmit-
70-706
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
ARTICLE 820 -COMMUNITY ANTENNA TELEVISION AND RADIO DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS
820.100
ting and receiving stations shall comply with 810.21 (A) through 810.21 (C).
(B) Size of Protective Bonding Conductor or Grounding Elec- trode Conductor. The protective bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor for transmitting stations shall be as large as the lead-in but not smaller than 10 AWG copper, bronze, or copper-clad steel.
(C) Size of Operating Bonding Conductor or Grounding Elec- trode Conductor. The operating bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor for transmitting stations shall not be less than 14 AWG copper or its equivalent.
Part IV. Interior Installation - Transmitting Stations
810.70 Separation from Other Conductors. All conductors inside the building shall be separated at least 100 mm (4 in.) from the conductors of any electric light, power, or signaling circuit unless one of the following conditions applics:
(1) The conductors of a permanent audio system are instal- led in compliance with Parts I and II of Article 640.
(2) The conductors of portable and temporary audio systems are installed in compliance with Parts I and III of Article 640.
(3) The conductors are separated from such other conduc- tors by a continuous and firinly fixed nonconductor.
810.71 General. Transmitters shall comply with 810.71(A) through (C).
(A) Enclosing. The transmitter shall be enclosed in a metal frame or grille or separated from the operating space by a barrier or other equivalent means, all metallic parts of which arc effectively connected to a bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor.
(B) Grounding of Controls. All external metal handles and controls accessible to the operating personnel shall be cffcc- tively connected to an equipment grounding conductor if the transmitter is powered by the premises wiring system or groun- ded with a conductor in accordance with 810.21.
(C) Interlocks on Doors. All access doors shall be provided with interlocks that disconnect all voltages of over 350 volts between conductors when any access door is opened.
ARTICLE 820 Community Antenna Television and Radio Distribution Systems
Part I. General
820.1 Scope. This article covers coaxial cable distribution of radio frequency signals typically employed in community antenna television (CATV) systems.
820.3 Other Articles. The wiring methods of Article 830 shall be permitted to substitute for the wiring methods of Article 820.
Informational Note: Use of Article 830 wiring methods will facil- itate the upgrading of Article 820 installations to network- powered broadband applications.
820.15 Power Limitations. Coaxial cable shall be permitted to deliver power to equipment that is directly associated with the radio frequency distribution system if the voltage is not over 60 volts and if the current is supplied by a transformer or other device that has power-limiting characteristics.
Power shall be blocked from premises devices on the network that are not intended to be powered via the coaxial cable.
Part III. Protection
820.93 Grounding of the Outer Conductive Shield of Coaxial Cables. Coaxial cables entering buildings or attached to build- ings shall comply with 820.93(A) or (B). Where the outer conductive shield of a coaxial cable is grounded, no other protective devices shall be required. For purposes of this section, grounding located at mobile home service equipment located within 9.0.m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, or at a mobile home disconnecting means grounded in accordance with 250.32 and located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, shall be considered to meet the requirements of this section.
Informational Note: Selecting a grounding block location to achieve the shortest practicable bonding conductor or ground- ing electrode conductor helps limit potential differences between CATV and other metallic systems.
(A) Entering Buildings. In installations where the coaxial cable enters the building, the outer conductive shield shall be groun- ded in accordance with 820.100. The grounding shall be as close as practicable to the point of entrance.
(B) Terminating Outside of the Building. In installations where the coaxial cable is terminated outside of the building, the outer conductive shield shall be grounded in accordance with 820.100. The grounding shall be as close as practicable to the point of attachment or termination.
(C) Location. Where installed, a listed primary protector shall be applied on cach community antenna and radio distribution (CATV) cable external to the premises. The listed primary protector shall be located as close as practicable to the entrance point of the cable on either side or integral to the ground block.
(D) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. If a primary protector or equipment providing the primary protection function is used, it shall not be located in any hazardous (classified) loca- tion as defined in 500.5 and 505.5 or in the vicinity of casily ignitible material.
Exception: Primary protection equipment shall be used only if permitted by 501.150, 502.150, and 503.150.
Part IV. Grounding Methods
820.100 Cable Bonding and Grounding. The shield of the coaxial cable shall be bonded or grounded as specified in 820.100(A) and (B).
Exception: For communications systems using coaxial cable completely contained within the building (i.e., they do not exit the building) or the
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-707
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
820.100
ARTICLE 830 - NETWORK-POWERED BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
exterior zone of protection defined by a 46 m (150 ft) radius rolling sphere and isolated from outside cable plant, the shield shall be permit- ted to be grounded by a connection to an equipment grounding condur- tor as described in 250.118. Connecting to an equipment grounding conductor through a grounded receptacle using a dedicated bonding jumper and a permanently connected listed device shall be permitted. Use of a cord and plug for the connection to an equipment grounding conductor shall not be permitted.
Informational Note: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion of Lightning Protection Systems, 4.7.3.1, for the application of the term rolling sphere.
(A) General Requirements. The installation shall be in accord- ance with 800.100.
(B) Shield Protection Devices. Grounding of a coaxial drop cable shield by means of a protective device that does not inter- rupt the grounding system within the premises shall be permit- ted.
820.103 Equipment Grounding. Unpowered equipment and enclosures or equipment powered by the coaxial cable shall be considered grounded where connected to the metallic cable shield.
Part V. Installation Methods Within Buildings
820.154 Substitutions of Listed CATV Cables. The substitu- tions for coaxial cables in Table 820.154 and illustrated in Figure 820.154 shall be permitted.
Informational Note: The substitute cables in Table 820.154 and Figure 820.154 are only coaxial-type cables.
Table 820.154 Coaxial Cable Uses and Permitted Substitutions
Cable Type
Permitted Substitutions
CATVP
CMP, BLP
CATVR
CATVP, CMP, CMR, BMR, BLP, BLR
CATV
CATVP, CMP, CATVR, CMR, CMG, CM, BMR, BM, BLP, BLR, BL
CATVX
CATVP, CMP, CATVR, CMR, CATV, CMG, CM, BMR, BM, BLP, BLR, BL, BLX
ARTICLE 830 Network-Powered Broadband Communications Systems
Part I. General
830.1 Scope. This article covers network-powered broadband communications systems that provide any combination of voice, audio, video, data, and interactive services through a network interface unit.
Informational Note: A typical basic system configuration includes a cable supplying power and broadband signal to a network interface unit that converts the broadband signal to the component signals. Typical cables are coaxial cable with both broadband signal and power on the center conductor, compo-
Plenum
CMP
CATVP
BLP
Riser
CMR
CATVR
BMR, BLP, BLR
General purpose
CMG CM
CATV
BMR, BM, BLP, BLR, BL
Dwellings
CMX
CATVX
BMR, BM, BLP, BLR, BL, BLX
A
B Coaxial cable A shall be permitted to be used in place of coaxial cable B.
Type BL-Network-powered broadband communications low- power cables
Type BM-Network-powered broadband communications medium- power cables
Type CATV-Community antenna television cables
Type CM-Communications cables
FIGURE 820.154 Coaxial Cable Substitution Hierarchy.
site metallic cable with a coaxial member(s) or twisted pair members for the broadband signal and twisted pair members for power, and hybrid optical fiber cable with a pair of conductors for power. Larger systems may also include network components such as amplifiers that require network power.
830.15 Power Limitations. Network-powered broadband communications systems shall be classified as having low- or medium-power sources as specified in the following:
(1) Sources shall be classified as defined in Table 830.15.
(2) Direct-current power sources exceeding 150 volts to ground, but no more than 200 volts to ground, with the current to ground limited to 10 mA dc, that meet the current and power limitation for medium-power sources in Table 830.15 shall be classified as medium-power sour- ccs.
Informational Note: See UL 60950-21-2007, Standard for Safety for Information Technology Equipment - Safety - Part 21: Remote Power Feeding, for listing information on equipment that complies with 830.15(2).
Part II. Cables Outside and Entering Buildings
830.40 Entrance Cables. Network-powered broadband communications cables located outside and entering buildings shall comply with 830.40(A) and (B).
(A) Medium-Power Circuits. Medium-power network-powered broadband communications circuits located outside and enter- ing buildings shall be installed using Type BMU, Typc BM, or Typc BMR network-powered broadband communications medium-power cables.
(B) Low-Power Circuits. Low-power network-powered broad- band communications circuits located outside and entering buildings shall be installed using Type BLU or Type BLX low- power network-powered broadband communications cables. Cables shown in Table 830.154 shall be permitted to substitute.
70-708
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
830.47
ARTICLE 830- NETWORK-POWERED BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
Table 830.15 Limitations for Network-Powered Broadband Communications Systems
Network Power Source
Low
Medium
Circuit voltage, Vxx (volts)'
0-100
0-150
Power limitation, VAtx (volt-amperes)'
250
250
Currentlimitation, Inax (amperes)'
1000/ VOLx
1000/ Vmax
Maximum power rating (volt-amperes)
100
100
Maximum voltage rating (volts)
100
150
Maximum overcurrent protection (amperes)?
100/ VIRax
.VA
"Vas, Imax, and VAaux are determined with the current-limiting impedance in the circuit (not bypassed) as follows:
Vaxx - Maximum system voltage regardless of load with rated input applied
Lux - Maximum system current under any noncapacitive load, including short circuit, and with overcurrent protection bypassed if used. Imax limits apply after 1 minute of operation
VAxx - Maximum volt-ampere output after 1 minute of operation regardless of load and overcurrent protection bypassed if used 2Overcurrent protection is not required if the current-limiting device provides equivalent current limitation and the current-limiting device does not reset until power or the load is removed.
830.44 Overhead (Aerial) Cables. Overhead (acrial) network- powered broadhand communications cables shall comply with 830.44(A) through (F).
(A) On Poles and In-Span or Above Roofs. Where network- powered broadhand communications cables are installed .on poles and in-span or above roofs, they shall comply with 800.44.
(B) Clearance from Ground. Overhead (acrial) spans of network-powered broadband communications cables shall conform to not less than the following:
(1) 2.9 m (91/2 ft) - above finished grade, sidewalks, or from any platform or projection from which they might be reached and accessible to pedestrians only
(2) 3.5 m (111/9 ft) - over residential property and driveways, and those commercial arcas not subject to truck traffic
(3) 4.7 m (15//g ft) - over public streets, alleys, roads, park- ing arcas subject to truck traffic, driveways on other than residential property, and other land traversed by vehicles such as cultivated, grazing, forest, and orchard
Infonnational Note: See ANSI/IEEE C2-2017, National Electrical Safety Code, Table 232-1, which provides for clearances of wires, conductors, and cables above ground and roadways, rather than using the clearances referenced in 225.18.
(C) Over Pools. Clearance of network-powered broadhand communications cable in any direction from the water level, edge of pool, base of diving platform, or anchored raft shall comply with those clearances in 680.9.
(D) Final Spans. Final spans of network-powered broadhand communications cables without an outer jacket shall be permit- ted to be attached to the building, but they shall be kept not less than 900 mm (3 ft) from windows that are designed to be opened, doors, porches, balconies, ladders, stairs, fire escapes, or similar locations.
Exception: Conductors run above the top level of a window shall be permitted to be less than the 900-mm (3-ft) requirement above.
Overhead (acrial) network-powered broadband communica- tions cables shall not be installed bencath openings through which materials might be moved, such as openings in farm and commercial buildings, and shall not be installed where they obstruct entrance to these building openings.
(E) Between Buildings. Network-powered broadhand commu- nications cables extending between buildings or structures, and also the supports or attachment fixtures, shall be identified as suitable for outdoor acrial applications and shall have sufficient strength to withstand the loads to which they may be subjected.
Exception: Where a network-powered broadband communications cable does not have sufficient strength to be self-supporting, it shall be attached to a supporting messenger cable that, together with the attach- ment fixtures or supports, shall be acceptable for the purpose and shall have sufficient strength to withstand the loads to which they may be subjected.
(F) On Buildings. Where attached to buildings, network- powered broadhand communications cables shall be securely fastened in such a manner that they are separated from other conductors in accordance with 830.44(F) (1) through (F) (3).
(1) Electric Light or Power. The network-powered broadhand communications cable shall have a separation of at least 100 min (4 in.) from electric light, power, Class 1, or non- power-limited fire alarm circuit conductors not in raceway or cable, or be permanently separated from conductors of the other system by a continuous and firmly fixed nonconductor in addition to the insulation on the wires.
(2) Other Communications Systems. Network-powered broad- band communications cables shall be installed so that there will be no unnecessary interference in the maintenance of the separate systems. In no case shall the conductors, cables, messenger strand, or equipment of one system cause abrasion to the conductors, cables, messenger strand, or equipment of any other system.
(3) Protection from Damage. Network-powered broadhand communications cables attached to buildings or structures and located within 2.5 m (8 ft) of finished grade shall be protected by enclosures, raceways, or other approved means.
Exception: A low-power network-powered broadband communications circuit that is equipped with a listed fault protection device, appropriate to the network-powered broadband communications cable used, and located on the network side of the network-powered broadband commu- nirations cable shall not be required to be additionally protected by enclosures, raceways, or other approved means.
830.47 Underground Network-Powered Broadband Communi- cations Cables Entering Buildings. Underground network- powered broadband communications cables entering buildings shall comply with 830.47(A) and (B).
(A) Protection from Physical Damage. Direct-buried cable, conduit, or other raceways shall be installed to meet the mini- mum cover requirements of Table 830.47(A). In addition, direct-buried cables emerging from the ground shall be protec- ted by enclosures, raceways, or other approved means extend- ing from the minimum cover distance required by Table 830.47(A) below grade to a point at least 2.5 m (8 ft) above finished grade. In no case shall the protection be required to exceed 450 mm (18 in.) below finished grade. Types BMU and
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-709
830.47
ARTICLE 830 - NETWORK-POWERED BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
BLU direct-buried cables emerging from the ground shall be installed in rigid metal conduit (RMC), intermediate metal conduit (IMC), rigid nonmetallic conduit, or other approved means extending from the minimum cover distance required by Table 830.47(A) below grade to the point of entrance.
Exception: Protection from physical damage shall not be required if a low-power network-powered broadband communications circuit is equip- ped with a listed fault protection device that is located on the network side of the network-powered broadband cable being protected and the device is appropriate to the network-powered broadband communica- tions cable used.
(B) Pools. Cables located under the pool or within the arca extending 1.5 m (5 ft) horizontally from the inside wall of the pool shall meet those clearances and requirements specified in 680.11.
Part III. Protection
830.90 Primary Electrical Protection.
(A) Application. Primary electrical protection shall be provi- ded on all network-powered broadband communications conductors that are neither grounded nor interrupted and arc run partly or entirely in acrial cable not confined within a block. Also, primary electrical protection shall be provided on all acrial or underground network-powered broadband communications conductors that are neither grounded nor interrupted and are located within the block containing the building served so as to be exposed to lightning or accidental contact with electric light or power conductors operating at over 300 volts to ground.
Exception: Primary electrical protection shall not be required on the network-powered broadband communications conductors where electri- cal protection is provided on the derived circuit(s) (output side of the NIU) in accordance with 830.90(B)(3).
Informational Note No. 1: On network-powered broadband communications conductors not exposed to lightning or acci- dental contact with power conductors, providing primary electri- cal protection in accordance with this article helps protect against other hazards, such as ground potential rise caused by power fault currents, and above-normal voltages induced by fault currents on power circuits in proximity to the network- powered broadband communications conductors.
Informational Note No. 2: Network-powered broadband communications circuits are considered to have a lightning exposure unless one or more of the following conditions exist:
(1) Circuits in large metropolitan areas where buildings are close together and sufficiently high to intercept lightning.
(2) Areas having an average of five or fewer thunderstorn days each year and earth resistivity of less than 100 ohm- meters. Such areas are found along the Pacific coast.
Informational Note No. 3: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installation of Lightning Protection Systems, for infonnation on lightning protection systems.
(1) Fuseless Primary Protectors. Fuscless-type primary protec- tors shall be permitted where power fault currents on all protected conductors in the cable are safely limited to a valuc no greater than the current-carrying capacity of the primary protector and of the primary protector bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor.
(2) Fused Primary Protectors. Where the requirements listed in 830.90(A)(1) are not met, fused-type primary protectors shall be used. Fused-type primary protectors shall consist of an arrester connected between cach conductor to be protected and ground, a fuse in series with cach conductor to be protec- ted, and an appropriate mounting arrangement. Fused primary protector terminals shall be marked to indicate linc, instru- ment, and ground, as applicable.
(B) Location. The location of the primary protector, where required, shall comply with the following:
Table 830.47(A) Network-Powered Broadband Communications Systems Minimum Cover Requirements
Location of Wiring Method or Circuit
Direct Burial Cables
Rigid Metal Conduit (RMC) or Intermediate Metal Conduit (IMC)
Nonmetallic Raceways Listed for Direct Burial; Without Concrete Encasement or Other Approved Raceways
mm
in.
mm
in.
mm
in.
All locations not specified below
450
18
150
6
300
12
In trench below 50 mm (2 in.) thick concrete or equivalent
300
12
150
6
150
6
Under a building (in raceway only)
0
0
0
0
0
04
Under minimum of 100 mm (4 in.) thick concrete exterior slab with no vehicular traffic and the slab extending not less than 150 mm (6 in.) beyond the underground installation
300
12
100
4
100
One- and two-family dwelling driveways and outdoor parking areas and used only for dwelling-related purposes
300
12
300
12
300
12
Notes:
1. Cover is the shortest distance measured between a point on the top surface of any direct-buried cable, conduit, or other raceway and the top surface of finished grade, concrete, or similar cover.
2. Raceways approved for burial only where concrete encased shall require a concrete envelope not less than 50 mm (2 in.) thick.
3. Lesser depths shall be permitted where cables rise for terminations or splices or where access is otherwise required.
4. Where solid rock is encountered, all wiring shall be installed in metal or nonmetallic raceway pennitted for direct burial. The raceways shall be covered by a minimum of 50 mm (2 in.) of concrete extending down to rock.
70-710
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
830.133
ARTICLE 830- NETWORK-POWERED BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
(1) A listed primary protector shall be applied on cach network-powered broadband communications cable external to and on the network side of the network inter- face unit.
(2) The primary protector function shall be an integral part of and contained in the network interface unit. The network interface unit shall be listed as being suitable for application with network-powered broadband communi- cations systems and shall have an external marking indi- cating that it contains primary electrical protection.
(3) The primary protector(s) shall be provided on the derived circuit(s) (output side of the NIU), and the combination of the NIU and the protector(s) shall be listed as being suitable for application with network- powered broadband communications systems.
A primary protector, whether provided integrally or external to the network interface unit, shall be located as close as practi- cable to the point of entrance.
For purposes of this section, a network interface unit and any externally provided primary protectors located at mobile home service equipment located in sight from and not more than 9.0 m (30 ft) from the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, or at a mobile home disconnecting means grounded in accordance with 250.32 and located in sight from and not more than 9.0 m (30 ft) from the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, shall be considered to meet the requirements of this section.
Informational Note: Selecting a network interface unit and primary protector location to achieve the shortest practicable primary protector bonding conductor or grounding electrode conductor helps limit potential differences between communi- cations circuits and other metallic systems.
(C) Hazardous (Classified) Locations. The primary protector or equipment providing the primary protection function shall not be located in any hazardous (classified) location as defined in 500.5 and 505.5 or in the vicinity of casily ignitible material.
Exception: As permitted in 501.150, 502.150, and 503.150.
Part IV. Grounding Methods
830.93 Grounding or Interruption of Metallic Members of Network-Powered Broadband Communications Cables. Network-powered communications cables entering buildings or attaching to buildings shall comply with 830.93(A) or (B).
For purposes of this section, grounding located at mobile home service equipment located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, or at a mobile home disconnecting means grounded in accordance with 250.32 and located within 9.0 m (30 ft) of the exterior wall of the mobile home it serves, shall be considered to meet the requirements of this section.
Informational Note: Selecting a grounding location to achieve the shortest practicable bonding conductor or grounding elec- trode conductor helps limit potential differences between the network-powered broadband communications circuits and other metallic systems.
(A) Entering Buildings. In installations where the network- powered communications cable enters the building, the shield shall be grounded in accordance with 800.100, and metallic members of the cable not used for communications or power-
ing shall be grounded in accordance with 800.100 or interrup- ted by an insulating joint or equivalent device. The grounding or interruption shall be as close as practicable to the point of entrance.
(B) Terminating Outside of the Building. In installations where the network-powered communications cable is termina- ted outside of the building, the shield shall be grounded in accordance with 800.100, and metallic members of the cable not used for communications or powering shall be grounded in accordance with 800.100 or interrupted by an insulating joint or equivalent device. The grounding or interruption shall be as close as practicable to the point of attachment of the NIU.
Part V. Installation Methods Within Buildings
830.133 Installation of Network-Powered Broadband Commu- nications Cables and Equipment. Cable and equipment instal- lations within buildings shall comply with 830.133(A) through (C), as applicable.
(A) Separation of Conductors.
(1) In Raceways, Cable Trays, Boxes, Enclosures, and Cable Routing Assemblies.
(a) Low and Medium-Power Network-Powered Broadband Communications Circuit Cables. Low- and medium-power network-powered broadband communications cables shall be permitted in the same raceway, cable tray, box, enclosure, or cable routing assembly.
(b) Low-Power Network-Powered Broadband Communications Circuit Cables with Other Circuits. Low-power network-powered broadband communications cables shall be permitted in the same raceway, cable tray, box, enclosure, or cable routing assembly with jacketed cables of any of the following circuits:
(1) Class 2 and Class 3 remote-control, signaling, and power- limited circuits in compliance with Parts I and II of Arti- clc 725
(2) Power-limited fire alarm systems in compliance with Parts I and III of Article 760
(3) Communications circuits in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 805
(4) Nonconductive and conductive optical fiber cables in compliance with Parts I and V of Article 770
(5) Community antenna television and radio distribution systems in compliance with Parts I and V of Article 820
(c) Medium-Power Network-Powered Broadband Communica- tions Circuit Cables with Optical Fiber Cables and Other Communica- tions Cables. Medium-power network-powered broadband communications cables shall not be permitted in the same raceway, cable tray, box, enclosure, or cable routing assembly with conductors of any of the following circuits:
(1) Communications circuits in compliance with Parts I and IV of Article 805
(2) Conductive optical fiber cables in compliance with Parts I and V of Article 770
(3) Community antenna television and radio distribution systems in compliance with Parts I and V of Article 820
(d) Medium-Power Network-Powered Broadband Communica- tions Circuit Cables with Other Circuits. Medium-power network- powered broadband communications cables shall not be permitted in the same raceway, cable tray, box, enclosure, or
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
70-711
830.133
ARTICLE 830 - NETWORK-POWERED BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
cable routing assembly with conductors of any of the following circuits:
(1) Class 2 and Class 3 remote-control, signaling, and power- limited circuits in compliance with Parts I and II of Arti- clc 725
(2) Power-limited fire alarm systems in compliance with Parts I and III of Article 760
(c) Electric Light, Power, Class 1, Nonpowered Broadband Communications Circuit Cables. Network-powered broadband communications cable shall not be placed in any raceway, cable tray, compartment, outlet box, junction box, or similar fittings with conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, or non-power- limited fire alarm circuit cables.
Exception No. 1: Network-powered broadband communications cable shall be permitted to be placed in a raceway, cable tray, compartment, outlet box, junction box, or similar fittings with conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, or non-power-limited fire alarm circuit cables where all of the conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, non-power- limited fire alarm circuits are separated from all of the network-powered broadband communications cables by a permanent barrier or listed divider.
Exception No. 2: Where power circuit conductors in outlet boxes, junc- tion boxes, or similar fittings or compartments where such conductors are introduced solely for power supply to the network-powered broadband communications system distribution equipment, the power circuit conductors shall be routed within the enclosure to maintain a minimum 6 mm (1/4 in. ) separation from network-powered broadband communica- tions cables.
(2) Other Applications. Network-powered broadband commu- nications cable shall be separated at least 50 mm (2 in.) from conductors of any electric light, power, Class 1, and non-power- limited fire alarm circuits.
Exception No. 1: Separation shall not be required where: (1) all of the conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, and non-power-limited fire alarm circuits are in a raceway or in metal-sheathed, metal-clad, nonmetallic-sheathed, Type AC, or Type UF cables, or (2) all of the network-powered broadband communications cables are encased in a raceway.
Exception No. 2: Separation shall not be required where the network- powered broadband communications cables are permanently separated from the conductors of electric light, power, Class 1, and non-power- limited fire alarm circuits by a continuous and firmly fixed nouconduc- tor, such as porcelain tubes or flexible tubing, in addition to the insulation on the wire.
(B) Support of Network-Powered Broadband Communications Cables. Raccways shall be used for their intended purpose. Network-powered broadband communications cables shall not be strapped, taped, or attached by any means to the exterior of any conduit or raceway as a means of support.
(C) Splicing of Medium-Powered Network-Powered Communi- cations Cables. Where a medium-powered network-powered broadband communications cable is spliced or extended, a listed junction box or listed patch panel shall be used.
830.154 Substitutions of Network-Powered Broadband Communications System Cables. The substitutions for network-powered broadband system cables listed in Table 830.154 shall be permitted.
830.160 Bends. Bends in network broadband cable shall be made so as not to damage the cable. The radius of the curve of
Table 830.154 Cable Substitutions
Cable Type Permitted Cable Substitutions
BM
BMR
BLP
CMP, CL3P
BLR CMP, CL3P, CMR, CL3R, BLP, BMR
BL
CMP, CMR, CM, CMG, CL.3P, CL3R, CL3, BMR,
BM, BLP, BLR
BLX CMP, CMR, CM, CMG, CMX, CL3P, CL3R, CL3, CL3X, BMR, BM, BLP, BRP, BL
the inner edge of any bend shall not be less than 10 times the diameter of the cable.
Informational Note: See ANSI/TIA-568.0-E Generic Telecommuni- cations Cabling for Customer Premises, for information on bend radii of network broadband cable during different types of installation conditions.
Part VI. Listing Requirements
830.179 Network-Powered Broadband Communications Equip- ment and Cables. Network-powered broadband communica- tions equipment and cables shall be listed and marked in accordance with 830.179(A) through (C).
Exception No. 1: This listing requirement shall not apply to community antenna television and radio distribution system coaxial cables that were installed prior to January 1, 2000, in accordance with Article 820 and are used for low-power network-powered broadband communica- tions circuits.
Exception No. 2: Substitute cables for network-powered broadband communications cables shall be permitted as shown in Table 830.154.
(A) General Requirements. The general requirements in 800.179 shall apply.
(B) Network-Powered Broadband Communications Medium- Power Cables. Network-powered broadband communications medium-power cables shall be factory-assembled cables consist- ing of a jacketed coaxial cable, a jacketed combination of coaxial cable and multiple individual conductors, or a jacketed combination of an optical fiber cable and multiple individual conductors. The insulation for the individual conductors shall be rated for 300 volts minimum. Cables intended for outdoor usc shall be listed as suitable for the application. Cables shall be marked in accordance with 310.8. Type BMU cables shall be jacketed and listed as being suitable for outdoor underground usc.
(C) Network-Powered Broadband Communication Low-Power Cables. Network-powered broadband communications low- power cables shall be factory-assembled cables consisting of a jacketed coaxial cable, a jacketed combination of coaxial cable and multiple individual conductors, or a jacketed combination of an optical fiber cable and multiple individual conductors. The insulation for the individual conductors shall be rated for 300 volts minimum. Cables intended for outdoor use shall be listed as suitable for the application. Cables shall be marked in accordance with 310.8. Type BLU' cables shall be jacketed and listed as being suitable for outdoor underground usc.
70-712
NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE 2023 Edition
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
840.160
ARTICLE 840 - PREMISES-POWERED BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS
ARTICLE 840 Premises-Powered Broadband Communications Systems
Part I. General
840.1 Scope. This article covers premises-powered broadband communications systems.
Informational Note: A typical basic system configuration consists of an optical fiber, twisted pair, or coaxial cable to the premises supplying a broadband signal to a network terminal that converts the broadband signal into component signals, such as traditional telephone, video, high-speed Internet, and interac- tive services. Powering for the network terminal and network devices is typically accomplished through a premises power supply that might be built into the network terminal or provided as a separate unit. In order to provide communications in the event of a power interruption, a battery backup unit or an unin- terruptible power supply (UPS) is typically part of the powering system.
Part II. Cables Outside and Entering Buildings
840.47 Underground Wires and Cables Entering Buildings. Direct-buried cables shall be installed to have a minimum cover of 150 mm (6 in.).
Part III. Protection
840.90 Protective Devices. The requirements of 805.90 shall apply.
840.93 Grounding or Interruption. Non-current-carrying metallic members of optical fiber cables, communications cables, or coaxial cables entering buildings or attaching to buildings shall comply with 840.93(A), (B), or (C), respectively.
(A) Non-Current-Carrying Metallic Members of Optical Fiber Cables. Non-current-carrying metallic members of optical fiber cables entering a building or terminating on the outside of a building shall comply with 770.93(A) or (B).
(B) Communications Cables. The grounding or interruption of the metallic sheath of communications cable shall comply with 805.93.
(C) Coaxial Cables. Where the network terminal is installed inside or outside of the building, with coaxial cables terminat- ing at the network terminal, and is either entering, exiting, or attached to the outside of the building, 820.93 shall apply.
840.94 Premises Circuits Leaving the Building. Where circuits leave the building to power equipment remote to the building or outside the exterior zone of protection defined by a 46 m (150 ft) radius rolling sphere, 805.90 and 805.93 shall apply.
Informational Note: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion of Lightning Protection Systems, for the theory of the term roll- ing sphere.
Part IV. Grounding Methods
840.101 Premises Circuits Not Leaving the Building. If the network terminal is served by a nonconductive optical fiber
cable, or where any non-current-carrying metal member of a conductive optical fiber cable is interrupted by an insulating joint or equivalent device, and circuits that terminate at the network terminal are completely contained within the building (i.c., they do not exit the building), 840.101(A), (B), or (C) shall apply, as applicable.
(A) Coaxial Cable Shield Grounding. The shield of coaxial cable shall be grounded by one of the following:
(1) Any of the methods described in 820.100 or 800.106
(2) A fixed connection to an equipment grounding conduc- tor as described in 250.118
(3) Connection to the network terminal grounding terminal provided that the terminal is connected to ground by one of the methods described in 820.100 or 800.106, or to an cquipment grounding conductor through a listed grounding device that will retain the ground connection if the network terminal is unplugged
(B) Communications Circuit Grounding. Communications circuits shall not be required to be grounded.
(C) Network Terminal Grounding. The network terminal shall not be required to be grounded unless required by its listing. If the coaxial cable shield is separately grounded as described in 840.101 (A) (1) or 840.101(A) (2), the use of a cord and plug for the connection to the network terminal grounding connection shall be permitted.
Informational Note: If required to be grounded, a listed device that extends the equipment grounding conductor from the receptacle to the network terminal equipment grounding termi- nal is permitted. Sizing of the extended equipment grounding conductor is covered in Table 250.122.
840.102 Premises Circuits Leaving the Building. If circuits leave the building to power equipment remote to the building or outside the exterior zone of protection defined by a 46 m (150 ft) radius rolling sphere, the installation of communica- tions wires and cables shall comply with 800.100 and 800.106, and the installation of coaxial cables shall comply with 820.100 and 800.106.
Informational Note: See NFPA 780-2020, Standard for the Installa- tion of Lightning Protection Systems, for the application of the tern rolling sphere.
Part VI. Premises Powering of Communications Equipment over Communications Cables
840.160 Powering Circuits. Listed communications cables, in addition to carrying the communications circuit, shall also be permitted to carry circuits for powering listed communications equipment. The power source shall be listed in accordance with 840.170(C). Installation of the listed 4-pair communica- tions cables for a communications circuit or installation where 4-pair communications cables are substituted for Class 2 and Class 3 cables in accordance with 722.135(E) shall comply with 725.144.
Exception: Installing communications cables in compliance with 725.144 shall not be required for listed 4-pair communications cables where the rated current of the power source does not exceed 0.3 amperes in any conductor 24 AWG or larger.
Informational Note No. 1: A typical communications cable for this application is a 4-pair cable sometimes referred to as Cate- gory se (or higher) LAN cable or balanced twisted pair cable.
2023 Edition NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE
70-713
Copyright @NFPA. For exclusive use on NFPA Free Access platform. Not for distribution. downloading, or printing. For inquiries contact custserv@nfpa.org. To report unauthorized use. contact legal@nfpa.org.
EDUFIRE.IR
Telegram: EDUFIRE.IR
